amazing that derek jeter played with an injury throughout most of last nights game and did so well
republicans should not be giving obama fast track authority on trade the transpacific partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector
we need the art of the deal very true!
glad to see that lost her championship fight last night was soundly beaten not a nice person!
the ties shirts and suits at macys are doing fantastically wellcheck out the new designs and low pricesnothing better!
following was one of the best decisions ive made on twitter love the way he speaks his mind and no sugar coating
re lance armstrong—not only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
somebody please inform jayz that because of my policies black unemployment has just been reported to be at the lowest rate ever recorded!
of philadelphia who is doing a terrible job should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to melow life!
honored to be at the grand opening ceremony of trump national ferry point today
dont forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of the apprentice10 pm on nbc
“allstar celebrity apprentice” is 1 in the time period among abc cbs and nbc in 1849 and all other key demos—nielsen ratings
continues to report fictious poll numbers number one based on every statistic is trump by a wide margin they just cant say it!
via by steve bannon “‘time to get tough’ trump’s blockbuster policy manifesto”
will be traveling to the great state of ohio tonight big crowd expected see you there!
trump international hotel washington dc will be one of the worlds top luxury hotels
i disagree with you on a lot of things but youre spot on on the 5 well finally!
hillarys bad tax habit!
as i stated at the press conference on friday regarding david duke i disavow
my speech is right now on cspan 1
mexico is doing very little if not nothing at stopping people from flowing into mexico through their southern border and then into the us they laugh at our dumb immigration laws they must stop the big drug and people flows or i will stop their cash cow nafta need wall!
seems like the teams are surprised when comes back celebapprentice
why is continuing to lie? has found that did not ship jobs overseas
the socalled bipartisan daca deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of republican senators and congressmen was a big step backwards wall was not properly funded chain and lottery were made worse and usa would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime
i love bluffton sc what a great place what great people
cant hold acandle to donaldtrump he is a laughing stock in great britain but his show pays me lots of money so im happy
can you buy merchandise in the uk or do you ship world wide? cheers go to to order
manufacturing openings hires rise to highest levels of the recovery
landing in new hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there and all over the country
they are all just phony cronies keep up the real deal mr trump you are the man
not one american flag on the massive stage at the democratic national convention until people started complainingthen a small one pathetic
great minds never stop such qualities make great leaders and fantastic decision makers trump2016
welcome to twitter
just returned from new hampshire where the crowd was greatand got a beautiful standing ovation! wonderful people who truly love the usa
dress your best trump signature collection exclusively available tops all male business attire
rush is right and i have both created more jobs than fact far more jobs!
remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time youre expanding your net worth
take your work seriously take yourself less seriously it’s a great recipe for some good times and great memories
accountability say the governor electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes congress to decide how much to spend
just did howard stern showgreat time now doing the today show with ivanka enjoy!
if i was 18 id vote for thank you!
here is a letter i received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation
i cannot wait to see you debate these clowns cnndebate cnn debate dnc
the democrats just aren’t calling about daca nancy pelosi and chuck schumer have to get moving fast or they’ll disappoint you again we have a great chance to make a deal or blame the dems! march 5th is coming up fast
very ironic in 2010 video clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding ‘sensitive information’
hillary lies to benghazi families crookedhillary
report donaldtrump heckler convicted of attempting to blow up marine recruitment center
very sad what happened last night at the miss universe pageant i sold it 6 months ago for a record price this would never have happened!
find work that you love you have to have passion that provides motivation
looking forward to speaking at prestigious on december 15th
big day in alabama vote for luther strange he will be great!
ranked a top course and 6 star diamond award trump int’l palm beach has been expanded to 27 holes
the great boxing promoter don king just endorsed me nice!
last thursday obama said investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term the next day he again stopped keystone
incredible building a must trip to panama! black sand beaches exotic people what a vibe!
via to testify at new congressional hearing on persecution of pastor saeed abedini
with the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing hit piece on me we have exposed the article as a fraud!
another strong proamerican position with dept of veterans affairs reform policy trump2016
the iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons and training we gave them for 10 long years when will we learn?
please save the bills from and canada billsmafia i will try!
you are fantastic trump run for president and save america! trump2016 thank you
needs to next us president!! thanks josh
good morning america! thank you for all of your support in the latest drudge poll!
join me at 7 00 pm on tuesday august 22nd in phoenix arizona at the phoenix convention center! tickets at
join me live in toledo ohio! makeamericagreatagain
you are a real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go trumpforpresident
im at trump intl hotel in las vegas tallest/most beautiful building in town speaking to another great crowd at treasure island 12 noon
my int on obama scandals not resonating no retribution on benghazi obama not being engaged
follow trump wgc leadership board here at
thanks for coming to south carolina tomarrow my great honor!
miss usa tara conner will not be fired ive always been a believer in second chances says donald trump
washington needs common sense conservative solutions let’s make america great again!
superbowl vote for me and
fox debate advertising rates falling like a rock! tune into my special event for the veterans at 9 pm est!
votetrump video arizonaprimary utahcaucus utcaucus americansamoa
via by eugene dunn “trump could lead us forward”
my administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in orange county defending their rights against californias illegal and unconstitutional sanctuary policies californias sanctuary laws
wow cnn had to retract big story on russia with 3 employees forced to resign what about all the other phony stories they do? fake news !
read what donald trump has to say about daughter ivankas upcoming new book the trump card
i am not surprised that seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! he is truly an awkward mumbling jerk too bad!
the art of the deal
leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown they should be afraid of not defunding obamacare
if you r lucky enough to play trump aberdeen scotland make sure you get to loop for you bestcaddieinthebarn
thank you delaware! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain trumptrain
in todays trumpvlog i answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy
why is obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in china? he is ruining american industry
donald run for president man seriously make it official
unbelievable support in florida last night thank you! maga
fast and furious put semiautomatics in the hands of mexican drug lords that killed americans should answer all questions
whats the secret to all your success? always need good and sound concepts and ideasthen never give up!
i love reading about all of the geniuses who were so instrumental in my election success problem is most dont exist fake news ! maga
donald trump all american billionaire full via wow so nice thank you!
great season it gets better every week
love your ties at macys receive many compliments thanks they are amazing!
everything you just said on mikeam pm ike was exactly what ive been waiting for someone to say thank you!
great going to bob kraft and bill belichick of the on tim is a winner just like them!
i have a 93 approval rating in scotland
hi justin
youre so in demand in the media but what we really need is you in demand at the white house donaldforprez
we pause today to remember the 2403 american heroes who selflessly gave their lives at pearl harbor 75 years ago
why doesnt fake news talk about podesta ties to russia as covered by or money from russia to clinton sale of uranium?
rt an honor to be in indiana w and the legend bobby knight! i like our secret weapon better!!! htt…
“if it’s worth doing it’s worth fighting for you’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way fight to get beyond them”–midas touch
thank you eric!
a message from scprimary votetrumpsc makeamericagreatagain video
love everything that you stand for! you are a brilliant man! thank you!
when does apprentice finish casting? we are casting nowsome great people!
are you like another ross perot? bigger better stronger and richer!
barackobama as one of your employers are you really just turning your back on isreal?? trump for president im rdy 4 change
you may not agree with but he knows whats what! keep being truthful and real! thanks!
clinton aides ‘definitely’ not releasing some hrc emails
trump snl episode generates highest ratings since 2012 at the very least donald trump is making sat
i will be interviewed on at 7 30 am enjoy!
hope i do well!
donald trump hit one out of the ballpark in lowell ma tonight
congrats on purchase of iconic turnberrygreat course and a special place for me 1986 thx greg our great winner!
convention came in over $3m under budget barack’s convention is over $10m in debt what a surprise!
each time i see one of anthony weiners television ads for mayor i ask what the hell is he doing just wasting money and timego get a job!
this hispanic woman believes trump has the brains and energy to make america great again
tonight on i’m talking celebapprentice tunein!
will be doing interview on at 800 this morning will be talking about getting the great pga championship and senior pga etc
“trump seriously considering a presidential bid” via
well sir i am ready to get on the trump 2016 campaign trail☺ trump2016
mark cuban is a nut way less powerful than donald trump i agree also in many ways a total loser!
well see
via “a new direction for america” by
is america ready for donald trump as president?
time for sebelius to be fired she has admitted that the administration did not vet the obamacare website
commodity prices are beginning to drop as a result of the euro crisis
im waiting4president trump!!!!!! i love when u come on fox n friends!! good morning
when do you sleep? not much sleep for me!
my interview discussing usc comments insurance premiums on the cont
nice feature on youre awesome thanks
hi!
to make his secondever hall of fame induction via wwehof billionaires
we are stupidly paying iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying why isnt this part of the nuclear negotiations? really dumb!
we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts gary player
watched on and the dog hit me even after i made a big contribution to his charity i never went bankrupt!
hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40 assecretary of state costing americans millions of jobs
by far the best hotel ive ever stayed at! mr d is tremendous
i will be interviewed tonight on enjoy! 10 00 pm
moving forward f/tonight’s competitive primaries it is crucial that the tea party and remain united towards november take the senate!
via trump will have memorable role at gop convention its true just wait and see
more waste fraud and abuse over $460m in food stamps went to ineligible households wheres the accountability?
at least obamacare/romneycare architect gruber admitted albeit privately that we were lied to by obama gang of liars
rt my piece trump i dont need to be lectured
my interview re jeb bushs absurd immigration comment and freedom summit
club of the year trump nat’l bedminster is njs top family country club with two award winning courses
don’t believe kay hagan on ebola travel ban she also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under obamacare vote
still time to votetrump! ivoted electionnight
i highly recommend the just out book the field of fight by general michael flynn how to defeat radical islam
isn’t it funny when a failed senator like goofy elizabeth warren can spend a whole day tweeting about trump and gets nothing done in senate?
so glad celebapprentice is back! looks like it will be a fantastic year! thanks for a great show got out of hosp in time!
the last thing we need in alabama and the us senate is a schumer/pelosi puppet who is weak on crime weak on the border bad for our military and our great vets bad for our 2nd amendment and wants to raises taxes to the sky jones would be a disaster!
tainted no very dishonest? fbi “agent’s role in clinton probe under review” led clinton email probe clinton money going to wife of another fbi agent in charge
nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program milton friedman
are you running for president? you have my vote
all the haters and losers must admit that unlike others i never attacked dopey jon stewart for his phony last name would never do that!
little marco rubio the lightweight no show senator from florida is just another washington politician
so true donald !!!
to all my fans sorry i couldn’t do the apprentice any longer—but equal time presidential run prohibits me from doing so love!
full respect from a british guy i wish i could vote for you! trump for president!
congrats on your chef of the year nom in annual eater awards vote now!
with as president usa will be back on top true!
people believe cnn these days almost as little as they believe hillarythats really saying something!
is one of my faventrepreneurs of all time thank you
dianne gallagher is a great reporter for news channel 36 in charlotte nc fantastic interviewthanks!
people actually subscribe to nymag? not many failing and will soon be gone!
the border is wide open for cartels and terrorists secure our border now build a massive wall and deduct the costs from mexican foreign aid!
rt she calls our people deplorable and irredeemable i will be a president for all of our people bigleag…
problem is i never watched you until trump started giving you interviews and ratings on cnn
is a total clown has zero credibility!
your questions about my desk answered in todays trumpvlog
the trump organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace many new announcements to come soon
entrepreneurs set the bar high do the best you possibly can apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious
sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you
hairraising stuff as golf mogul proves that it is his real hair with his icebucketchallenge thanks
via donald trump would fire arod
can you believe kasie hunts poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in iowa is a scam!
i havent read any of your books yet which one should i start with? the art of the deal is a good start
america needs you donald if you dont run im afraid for the future generations
watch my appearance on great interview!
getting closer and closer on the tax cut bill shaping up even better than projected house and senate working very hard and smart end result will be not only important but special!
ill be discussing a variety of topics tonight with greta van susteren 10 pm on fox news it will be the first of a two part series
use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you this is one step to becoming an entrepreneur
my int with on the state of world affairs economy the bushes etc
people id pay to see do that bucket thing donald trump madonna bono
us small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes i told you so!
please run for president mr trump! the republican party desperately needs someone of your qualifications
id love to see run in 2016
jcope secret proceedings render it useless time to close it down
congratulations to for winning a spot on the california 2012 ballot a major feat!
yes if they fight!
crooked hillary clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions!
made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping romney to get destroyed by obama should have won!
honored to meet w/ pres abbas from the palestinian authority and his delegation who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace
very surprised that china would be doing this?
new study shows 80 of congress have no business experienceit shows!
it’s very sad that the administration isn’t sending anyone to margaret thatcher’s funeral she was a big us supporter
today we remember and honor our fellow americans and nypd and fdny who fell 11 years ago
thank you mr trump i appreciate all of the support you have given me i hope you can come watch
make america great again we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation we need donaldtrump2016
just out the obama administration knew far in advance of november 8th about election meddling by russia did nothing about it why?
i refuse to call megyn kelly a bimbo because that would not be politically correct instead i will only call her a lightweight reporter!
entrepreneurs get a momentum going listen apply then move forward do not procrastinate see opportunity as the perk that it is
isis has infiltrated countries all over europe by posing as refugees and will allow it to happen h…
congratulations to obama on building a strong economy there are 49500000 people on food stamps a historic record!
the al qaeda flag is now flying over benghazi spent over $3billion of our money for this?
busted again in hot water over possibly illegal fundraising scprimary the guy is bad news
why isnt hillary clinton 50 points ahead? debatenight
outrageous has spent over $27b on implementing since the oral arguments at scotus
just said mexico is called the highway to the united states bordercrisis true!
house intelligence committee rules that there was no collusion between the trump campaign and russia as i have been saying all along it is all a big hoax by the democrats based on payments and lies there should never have been a special councel appointed witch hunt!
its time for government to stop picking winners and losers let’s make sure everyone can achieve the american dream!
i agree with u i was going to vote for u and i still am
the uk has run out of money and cant afford to borrow neither can we but that doesnt stop
thank you florida! trump2016
didnt he just loose to michelle bachmann? never lost to michelle dummy are you crazy!
my family is going to hawaii and i told them to go to i told them that yours are the best!
thank you to all of the incredible volunteers behind the scenes in iowa! caucusfortrump
republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with in todays debt talksfirst and foremost cutcap and balance
the central park five documentary was a one sided piece of garbage that didnt explain thehorrific crimes of these young men while in park
today i welcomed the victory christian center school good luck @ the team america rocketry challenge! tarc watch…
dvr set!
you got my vote donald your the only 1 that can save us from this economy trump2016
all of america loves trump!👍👍☺ trumpornobody2016 makeamericagreatagain thank you
my interview with discussing electability and senate loss
trump lays out big plans for doonbeg resort billionaire says investment shows ireland’s economy recovering
hillarys wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction terrorism and isis across the world
the historic $250m renovations at are moving on pace once complete will be south florida’s premiere resort
is everybody believing what is going on james comey can’t define what a leak is he illegally leaked classified information but doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is he lied all over the place to cover it up he’s either very sick or very dumb remember sailor!
rosie is crude rude obnoxious and dumb other than that i like her very much!
obama just said was a very successful investor big mistake for obama to admit he has less and less credibility
dopey sugar— isn’t it sad that my golf course in scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s worth more than you are!
we need someone with a sense of urgency and you are the man! trump2016
my wonderful son eric will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with
make america great again! trump2016 votetrump
incompetent lost it tonight on he should not be allowed on tv and the fcc should fine him!
trump puerto rico is 1st develo pm ent in puerto rico to combine lavish residences world class golf and a beach
john focus on running your company i think the service is terrible! try hiring some good managers
have fun 1
the united states troops which were sent to west africa have only gotten 4 hours of ebola training very unfair to them and their families!
has got my vote
never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat ― f scott fitzgerald
what we need is real change what we need is donald trump donaldtrumpforpresident
great news here comes the tea party! has received 42k donations online and raised over $42 million since the obamacare decision
demdebate this debate stinks cbs news major fail
mattis says trump’s warning stopped chemical weapons attack in syria
i will be on the tonight show with jimmy fallon tonight at 11 30 should be fun!
like trump more and more everyday he is saying what we all need to hear and understand he loves usa
dont worry trump will put it back when he is pres !
when is the new season starting? i cant wait any longer celebrityapprentice january 4th
i am no fan of bill cosby but nevertheless some free advice if you are innocent do not remain silent you look guilty as hell!
cant wait for to jump on the trump train as chris wallace just did! wont happen!
i agree but their careers werent fueled by drugs
our debt finances china’s military its time to get tough – we hold all the cards let’s make america great again!
new name via “ms saboteur” sounds rather elegant celebapprentice
i won every poll from last nights presidential debate except for the little watched poll
you wouldn’t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser
its tuesday is wearing revlon eyeliner today governor cuomo alerted all to this
via by “trump baghdad likely to fall to isis”
and i have the same birthdayalways praying i can emulate his business saavy geminisweare
obama talks about what he is going to dowhy the hell didnt he just do it especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools napoleon bonaparte
great speech all true some of it sadly cpacthanks bob!
marco rubio would keep barack obama’s executive order on amnesty intact see article cannot be president
usmc andrew tahmooressi should be freed immediately he never should have been jailed in the first place weak leaders freeourmarine
gina haspel did a spectacular job today there is nobody even close to run the cia!
sir chris wallace believes that you can be elected presidentgreat great news for america! trump2016
rt if you run for president im voting for you great i am dying for donald to run and win
obama claims that he needs an extra $4b to secure the border well then he should not have wasted $5b on the obamacare website
would win any presidential debate trump for president!
remember when they were saying during the campaign that donald trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as crooked hillary’s large and highly sophisticated staff well not saying that anymore!
big storm in new hampshire moved my event to monday will be there next four days
i see you
i really enjoyed being in new hampshire and speaking for joe mcquaid and the nackey loeb school honoring james foley
my dad and i are huge trump2016 supporters we were disappointed when 2012 didnt happen! thanks!
great new poll numbers! thank you for your support! trump2016
2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are nowyoure fired!
in november i think the people of ohio will remember that the republicans picked cleveland instead of going to another state jobs!
you very honorably tried to help freepastorsaeed when obama abandoned another christian stand up against aetv w us now!
put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before i arrived @ the venue w/ thousands of people outside on their way in real photos now shown as i spoke packed house many people unable to get in demand apology and retraction from fake news wapo!
i want our president to be smart and witty like you mr trump thanks
happy 8th anniversary to
that is true
thank you warwick rhode island! riprimary votetrump
are they going too low for you at trump doral? yes
i love the faux confidence gives people on twitteryour haters would never say these things to your facenot haterslosers!
who is your favourite celebrity apprentice winner? i have many!
please run for president!
wants to see 10 yrs of tax returnstell him okbut we want to see your college applications first
historic!! whats historic is our national debt record unemployment amppocketbook crisis!the people need trump2 make usa rich!
marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people i won every online poll even crazy marco good looking?
dinesh dsousa hillarys america see it
so nice being with republican senators today multiple standing ovations! most are great people who want big tax cuts and success for us
born on flag day?? see you were meant to be president!! i guess thatsright!
the celebrity apprentice is hands down the best show to watch because of and i cant wait for the finale!
is a resolute leader when he sets a red line it stands!
kept me out of jail top doj official involved in clinton probe represented her campaign chairman
i will be in evansville indiana with the great bobby knight who last night endorsed me at 12 00 this afternoon see you there!
will you or try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president thanks
im not convinced that any candidate other than is committed to securing our borders votetrump2016
two people fired very early on celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live finale dont get angry at me tonight!
how could obama leave those american heroes out to die in benghazi? and he continues to lie to the public!
how much would it take for you to make out with rosie odonnell? one trillion at least!
thank you to reviewer who stated youve been trumped was so biased in favour of the protesters
to the africanamerican community the democrats have failed you for fifty years high crime poor schools no jobs i will fix it vote t
exactly he knows how to win important
via by “trump has the right views
thanks to very brave teacher and hero jason seaman of noblesville indiana for his heroic act in saving so many precious young lives his quick and automatic action is being talked about all over the world!
on your best day you cant come close to beating me ill kick your ass every timetake the bet danny check with mf boss
always look forward to monday nights! celebrityapprentice
crooked hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed no more guns to protect hillary!
waking up early and studying my idol go get em!
i create jobs!
always remember i was the one who got obama to release his birth certificate or whatever that was! hilary couldnt mccain couldnt
the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate keep up the great work!
countdown to as my former
for president! only vote worth casting!
you want sense ? listen to !
the democrats in congress don’t want obamacare for themselves or big businesses so why are they forcing it on the american people?
amazing that while i lead by big numbers in the new q and and usa today polls the the press only wants to report on the phony wsj/nbc poll
hell yeah! dammit i love the frankness and brutal honesty of ! it is the only way!
glad to see that sacha baron cohens new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office he is talentless
i want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives i really think they can do that through thetrumpnetwork
if ran for president i would so support him!thanks grady!
going to columbus ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands the silent majority is no longer silent!
km really not surprisingmr trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it
rt wisconsin to find your voting location visit makeamericagreatagain trumptrain 🚂💨💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https /…
the class warfare being played by is the only way he can get reelected he cant have america focus on his horrendous record
from day one i said that i was going to build a great wall on the southern border and much more stop illegal immigration watch wednesday!
the democrats solution is the same solution they have for everythingtax tax tax just one problem it doesnt work timetogettough
the more i keep reading the more respect i gain for you thanks
gas prices are way too high with an economy contracting and lower demand how do opec and the speculators get away with this?!
thank god is not a politician but hes one heck of a fighter who will fight for us the people
classic lettering gives it a good classy feel thanks
has no filter he says what needs to be said because no one else will say it
nobody is on the dons level lets be honest donald trump is the man very nice thank you!
which team is your favorite?
if china had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent instead we continue to buy oil from opec
today barack obama is standing in water in nj remember on election day that he has put the us underwater
“think of yourself as a oneman army you’re not only the commander in chief you’re the soldier as well” – think like a billionaire
thank you louisville kentucky together we will make america safe and great again!
so i speak badly of china but i speak the truth and what do the consumers in china want? they want trump cont
just saw you on greta love listening to you speak i have so much respect for you thank you!
timing is relevant this is your time the other candidates dont have an answer if they did theyd use it trump time!
never give uphow i turned my biggest challenges into success
u were great last nite on fox our country has become a dumping ground for the worldill get it to stop and fast!
im voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist obama
i follow because hes a great entrepreneur cant get better than him thanks!
remarks by president trump on the policy of the usa towards cubavideo
cant even think what the race would be without you in it
i cant wait for celebrityapprentice to begin! should be interesting
emergency has put a new spin on team power’s presentation—but it’s not “show time” yet celebapprentice
dear i greatly appreciate your fairness my history shows i never disappoint looking forward to meeting you soon
jeffrey robinsons trumptower has it all the ultra rich powerful and beautiful its your summer mustread
cruz going down fast in recent polls dropping like a rock lies never work!
this trooper needs you to run
pat caddell on neil cavuto tonight ive watched donald trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to cont
stay confident even when something bad happens it is just a bump in the road it will pass think big
excited you will be in myrtle beach this weekend see you there!
thank you to for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45000 manufacturing and construction jobs in the usa!
seth myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him bad interviewer marbles in his mouth!
hillary clinton strongly stated that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of the state department lie!
they can help solve problems with north korea syria ukraine isis iran and even the coming arms race bush tried to get along but didn’t have the “smarts” obama and clinton tried but didn’t have the energy or chemistry remember reset peace through strength!
is this true about univision and fusion? wow!?!
it was great being on in the morning espn—two great guys fantastic show!
how did the ncaa which is weak and becoming irrelevant extract such a big and reputation shattering settlement from penn state others zero!
my int destroying schneiderman’s frivolous suit which he brought after meeting obama on thurs
trump tuesday on 7 30 am is getting very good ratings as is on mondays 7 30 am
thank you virginia! 15000 amazing supporters! everyone get out and votetrump tomorrow!
obama’s va secretary just said we shouldnt measurewait times hillary says va problems are not ‘widespread’ i will take care ofour vets!
i think you should be times person of the year
the meeting with the is back on at 12 30 today look forward to it!
make sure yall watch idreamofnene 2nite will be on there 9 pm
i wish would teach me all his little secrets to success good idea!
so nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of pizza ranch in iowa! a great guy and great places! caucusfortrump
as i have always said let obamacare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan stay tuned!
“if you are passionate about your endeavors it will be reflected back to you in your end result” – trump never give up
many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone shipped to other countries we now are part time sad! i will fix!
“sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure” – donald trump
he received an early endorsement from the soviet news paper pravda over cont
when will we know the cast for the next season of celebrityapprentice? very soon
i will be announcing my decision on the iran deal tomorrow from the white house at 2 00 pm
this is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates i said it should not be allowed and abc agreed
thank you for all of your support! most importantly we need to get everyone out to vote! votetrump2016
so terrible that crooked didnt report she got the debate questions from donna brazile if that were me it would have been front page news !
a family in las vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetratorsthe other fled and will be captured great!
so many great polls like reuters big leads everywhere new hampshire really special! we will win big and make america great again!
this is the right tax cut @ the right time we will all succeed and grow together – as one team one people and one american family taxreform
thank you for reminding everyone we need to bringbackourmarine militarymonday
why do shows have hispanic chair for the losing mccain ’08 and huntsman ’12 she’s a loser who doesn’t deliver votes
which national costume do you think should win?
thanks professor trump dr john trump uncle for many years at mit good genes i get it!
via by realtime donald trump weighs a 2016 run at cpac2015
trumpvlog the republicans must act now dont let push you around
was caught telling russian pm that he can be more flexible in his second term russia thinks hes weak
camp david is a very special place an honor to have spent the weekend there military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
today as we remember pearl harbor it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941 they are heroes and they are living witnesses to american history all american hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice
really important to save national review from going out of business we need a true conservative voice!
due to the horrific events taking place in our country i have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity today in miami
hi to your sons tell them to never give up!
the true question for the
is a piece of garbage but i think it is very nice and charitable that they employ the notalent illiterate hack
jeb bush really blew his interview with should cost him big time said he would do the disastrous iraq war all over again
thoughts and prayers with the millions of people in the path of hurricane matthew look out for neighbors and listen…
on greta 87 of the people said they would not watch the debate if im not in it wow what an honor!
this is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in american history!
1st time staying at a trump resort was awesome! thanks for such impeccable service! trum pm iami
listening to on the howard stern showwhat a guy!
you will bring out more voters to vote for you than weve seen in any election! great
new iowa poll thank you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
must read opinion piece by ceo jim clifton “the big lie 56 unemployment” just as i have long been saying…
thank you sir for your words of inspiration to entrepreneurs my pleasure work hard!
if ever had to pay fair taxes its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag the scam is saving it!
lawfare remarkably in the entire opinion the panel did not bother even to cite this the statute a disgraceful decision!
is this your new building in yahoo weather app yesthanks
pathetic did not want to veto keystone himselfso he lobbied the democrats in the senate to defeat it
i like russell brand but katy perry made a big mistake when she married him lets see if im righti hope not
the fake news media failing and many more is not my enemy it is the enemy of the american people sick!
thank you eau claire wisconsin votetrump on tuesday april 5th!make america great again!
i will be on this morning at various times across the us enjoy!
if the gop will have any chance to beat in november the great people of michigan need to support candidacy
my int on simplifying the tax code our incompetent leaders iran and making america great again
via interview with donald trump about presidential aspirations its all a deal
tell um to get out the check book donald
plus he has his own water
via david ebner re stanley cup and trump poster “if you’re going to be thinking anything you might as well think big”
home of the iconic ailsa a four time course is a landmark on the ayrshire coastline
i forgot how much i love theapprentice and trump so glad im watching this season! all hail king
brought to you by and her campaign in chicago illinois bigleaguetruth draintheswamp
“ nia sanchez of nevada is ready for via by
hes a foreign pilot we couldnt drug test him even if we wanted to! you must be kidding!
so what will happen to the big o on celebrity apprentice tonight remember i only fire people when it is deserved not for other reasons!
my interview re 2016 the need for leadership in our country syria and china hacking our military
our airports are third worldhorrible lets rebuild them by people who know how to do itinexpensively
gaming in miami will be incredible—best in world and create lots of jobs and revenue
todays groundbreaking at the old post office building in dc was amazing great people great dedication
regardless of the uscs ruling obamacare can only be defeated politically it must be legislatively repealed or america will go bankrupt
rt interesting poll results so far and go vote on
you have my vote
more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare congratulations america!
you need to write another time to get tough book itll be another new york times best seller good idea!
i never met former defense secretary robert gates he knows nothing about me but look at the results under his guidance a total disaster!
time for real change trump 16
donald trump is rising in nh ia whats going on?
why did i quit following twitter is boring without him im back for good! everybody comes back!
this season of the celebrityapprentice is off to a great start!
i agree with you about how people are mocking russia and their efforts only going to hurt us in long run
golf odyssey one of golfs most respected publications just named trump international golf links scotland golf course of the year
much can be done with the $16 billion given to building and fixing the border wall it is just a down payment work will start immediately the rest of the money will come and remember daca the democrats abandoned you but we will not!
how much money do u give to charity every year ??? lots!
college students love trump never change great
if obama was willing to lie about obamacare then what else has he lied to us about…
major grudge match this weekend between and i have a dilemma i am good friends w/ both woody cont
i wanna be noticed by the next president of the good ol us of a any chance of that? yes!
in making big money knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient including money itself!
its amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for the art of the deal the book has changed a lot of lives
trump gave a great speech in ala whats more important a protester? i wouldnt give these folks 1 sec of attn
via trump blowing up after wgc by
watch spot covering the first annual trump invitational at maralago
happy to join at kickoff of hotel at the old post office thx for being with us!
cant sleep thinking about the new celeb apprentice!!!
donald trump is the greatest hope for this country we have
the cruzkasich pact is under great strain this joke of a deal is falling apart not being honored and almost dead very dumb!
i will be interviewed by at 4 00 pm prior to the superbowl pregame show on fox network enjoy!
my best secret for business is that you have to love what youre doing you need passion cont
heed the advice of youre in an evacuation zone you need to get to a sheltertheres not many hours left gov scott
visit at to see my picks! fundanything
im leaving now for ireland spain scotland and elsewherecrazy life!
big is preferred to handle the economy over by 6329 in a poll
starting tomorrow its going to be americafirst! thank you for a great morning sarasota florida!watch here …
what a cool cast this time
join me in florida tomorrow! makeamericagreatagain daytona 3 pm 7 pm
emin from russiaa very talented guy all proceeds go to help the philippines missuniverse
anderson silva just got knocked out by new champion chris weidman! congrats to chris
i will never get a reply but is the real deal tca15 is the best show on tv right now
this election is a choice between law order and safety or chaos crime and violence i will make america safe again for everyone imwithyou
once again thanks nathalie
and as pm ’s i’m proud of dennis and his performance this season celebapprentice
thank you trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
the toughest thing about success is that youve got to keep on being a success irving berlin
thank you to governor for such warm support great speech!
really bad shooting in orlando police investigating possible terrorism many people dead and wounded
the fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars this will eventually create record inflation it has to stop timetogettough
another terrorist attack in paris the people of france will not take much more of this will have a big effect on presidential election!
thanks tony
had a record crowd in boone iowa a fantastic day we will makeamericagreatagain
trump2016!!! you got our votes!!! make it happen!!
rt sen john mccain making his return to the senate ahead of health care vote
were going to cut taxes big league for the middle class shes raising your taxes and im lowering your taxes!
life is very fragile and success doesnt change that if anything success makes it more fragile the art of the deal
i have a gift for my loyal viewers of allstar mrs debut on this week’s episode
retail sales are at record numbers we’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt and you haven’t seen anything yet!
the unaffordable care act will soon be history!
direct view of crane from apartment window crane was never properly secured blowing in the breeze
great job on tonight thanks for your nice words about my children class!
the washington post is far more fiction than fact story after story is made up garbage more like a poorly written novel than good reporting always quoting sources not names many of which don’t exist story on john kelly isn’t true just another hit job!
we can’t even stop the norks from blasting a missile china is laughing at us it is really sad
need to face reality – not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote republican
in crooked hillarys telepromter speech yesterday she made up things that i said or believe but have no basis in fact not honest!
take a shot at buying the and keeping them in wny!
26000 sexual assaults in the military last yearway up from previous years armed forces are in total turmoil!
yay! yay! yay! is gone!!! cant wait for next sunday! youre the man!!! thanks!
the apprenticegreat show! thanks
it’s thursday how much time did washington waste today trying to find a solution on the socalled fiscal cliff?
lol what is going on ? why is threatening you? hes afraid to use his real nametoo costly!
shows how dumb joe mcquaid of the dying union leader is to put out the letter i wrote saying why i didnt do his failed debate!
after years of fanfare will donaldtrump run? reports
my economic policy speech will be carried live at 12 15 pm enjoy!
why arent the same standards placed on the democrats look what hillary clinton may have gotten away with disgraceful!
as i told everyone once before wiener is a sick puppy who will never change100 of perverts go back to their ways sadly there is no cure
congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals including first place gold
mr trump sir you are a living legend and a living role model please keep the amazing work upso nice!
“gop lawmakers asking sessions to investigate comey and hillary clinton” good luck with that request!
incredible progress at – punta del este uruguay the views are going to be fantastic!
rt negotiation is an art treat it like one
thanks roxanne
please do more apprentices know youre busy but once a year is not enough !!!! love that show !!! thanks
designed by deluxe guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details
how can george osborne reduce uk debt while spending billions to subsidize scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
t mobile service sucks and it took a trump to call him out! for president!
why aren’t the 13 angry and heavily conflicted democrats investigating the totally crooked campaign of totally crooked hillary clinton it’s a rigged witch hunt that’s why! ask them if they enjoyed her after election celebration!
next pres election is the first ill be old enough to vote in would vote for you in a heartbeat! trumpem trump4prez
so excited about another season of theapprentice
is coming to nh1 news hq! have questions? reply let us know 5 pm on nhpolitics fitn
ya because mark cuban is an arrogant punk compared to donald whos a living legend thanks!
the contract to build the obamacare website was given to a canadian company for $55 744 081 it then bloated to $292 071067 incompetence
just turned it on!! cant wait to see you at cpac2015 great
a total witch hunt with massive conflicts of interest!
trump obama is unlucky president via
roast of will be the best one since ok as long as mine remains number one!
i bet ur great in bed true!
via “but did his hair survive? and dump water over donald trump”
thank you san diego county for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against californias illegal and unconstitutional sanctuary policies californias dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities putting all americans at risk
obama has no credibility on terrorist threats and isis trump best to protect us
every day st maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of pm sarah westcotwilliams
obamacare is a failure costs are rising much faster under obama than other presidents
presidential executive order on the establishment of presidential advisory commission on election integrity➡️…
you have many more followers on twitter than mark cuban i also have far greater wealth and athleticism!
how much did you enjoy hosting nascar? they are great people
a lot of callins about vote flipping at the voting booths in texas people are not happy big lines what is going on?
rerun of oreilly on fox now!
letterman had his best ratings with meand you bombed people dont care about mark cuban
the $10 billion net worth is after all debt and liabilities so simple to understand but and is just plain dumb!
yesyesyes 201620162016
via “trump to jet in to unveil trump clubhouse”
rt to my dear friend please know we all love you will be here for you and your family
chinas submarines will soon be carrying nukes they will be sent to patrol our coasts obama wont do anything
call it any way you like but snowden is a traitor when our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?” 😑😑😑
wow! what a great honor from
rubio isnt experienced enough to be commander in chief rubio is a carbon copy of obama we need a true leader vote trump
can you please be obamas replacement interesting way of putting it!
“trumps are giving a makeover” via
because my mother was born in scotland and it will be destroyed by windfarms
id pay to watch that the donald vs hillary get ready!
for accurate reporting of my speech read
scenes from last nights episode of where and i visit the occ hq
my 666th tweet goes out to you are the man sir keepenterprising great!
had a great meeting at cia headquarters yesterday packed house paid great respect to wall long standing ovations amazing people win!
if uc berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view no federal funds?
with all that congress has to work on do they really have to make the weakening of the independent ethics watchdog as unfair as it
this country needs to run for president
ppl tweeted him and begged him not to cast her i wont watch this season yes you will!
has a much higher iq than idiot lord sugar thats why he has much more money! true on both fronts!
love you please fix america!
how much is new york state spending on that obnoxious tv commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesnt work?
greta in a few minuteswill be interesting!
kasich just announced that he wants the people of indiana to vote for him typical politician cant make a deal work
headline reads rubio passes bush in florida poll unfair because trump destroys them both! trump 315 rubio 192 bush 113
should not raise taxes in wisconsin but massive budget deficit education roads etc suffering lies
continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! andrew’s legacy lives on
i will be interviewed on the at 7 00 am this morning enjoy!
get into office and tell congress youre fired! trump2016 timeforprogress
now that mitt is gone all we have to do is get bush to drop out and trump to run—and we will win!
its almost here finally!!!! the new celebrity apprentice premiers tomorrow on excited
if the wind will not serve take to the oars latin proverb
it is so sad to see what has happened to atlantic city so many bad decisions by the pols over the years airport convention center etc
“winners never quit and quitters never win” vince lombardi
great poll florida thank you! imwithyou americafirst
will be on in 20 minutes on kimmel trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
can please run for president!
could you do a better job?? yes!
omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept and presentation
thank you farmington new hampshire! fitn trump2016
via hardball with chris matthews
the banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn this is why we bailed the banks out!
great good luck
rt jesse jackson on when he donated space for the rainbow/push coalition debatenight
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to make america great again! while i am not mandated to
you are a blessing to america mr trump thank you for all you are doing! votetrump2016 makeamericagreatagain
trump international golf links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world virtually all reviews are saying the same thing
a special message to the staff of in celebration of the 2nd anniversary
nyc’s sole hamman the bilevel features indoor and outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services
now this is a record that will never be broken!
trump international hotel and tower vancouver will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city
i thought and felt i would win big easily over the fabled 270 306 when they cancelled fireworks they knew and so did i
thank you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
i cant wait for your visit to greenville sc may 9th!! should be a fantastic event great
you are the man telling it how it is with no 2nd guessing i respect you thank you
loving interview trumpswagger chriswallace thank you
cant wait!
my interview in with discussing being awarded the 2012 statesman of the year by sarasota gop
just gave a pollster quote on me he doesnt understand what the word demagoguery means
never let the fear of striking out get in your way babe ruth
entrepreneursalways remember that every day counts stay focused stay positive and develop momentum
and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!
donald trump is going to win the presidency get on board the trumptrain its going to be yuge thanks
john roberts arrived in malta yesterday maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there
just returned from asia after 12 very successful days great to be home!
how sick is s ? maybe a future or in 5 yrs
under our potential deal with china they will purchase from our great american farmers practically as much as our farmers can produce
china is not our friend they are not our ally they want to overtake us and if we don’t get smart and tough soon they will
you said you are tired say the rest that youre lazy and dumb!
trump is the man
trump even sharper than last week!!you are beautiful
jeb why did your brother attack and destabalize the middle east by attacking iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? bad info?
rephrase and quote al davis justrunbaby trump2016 dont disappoint there isnt another way 2 make america great again
join me thursday in florida and ohio!west palm beach fl at noon oh this 7 30 pm
congrats to the new gov of texas for taking a tough and bold stance at the border should have been done long ago by perry
please tweet me your questions to answer in my trumpvlog
wishing everyone a wonderful independence day holiday weekend a great celebration for a great country
cant wait!!! took day off
so with all of the obama tough talk on russia and the ukraine they have already taken crimea and continue to push thats what i said!
via by brings charity golf playoffs totrump natl/bedminster
greatand good luck!
selective memory says that he forgets the recession maybe thats why he is forgetting to create jobs
and are cohosting miss usa 2013 sunday night at 9 pm et on nbc will be performing tune in!
response to
the trump organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelo pm ent of the old post office will be dcs finest hotel
she was wonderful melissa! truly missed! cherish your memories!❤️
youre a true champion mr trump! thank you
joetheismann was great as a political analyst on he knows far more than football thanks for the nice words joe!
“our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by congress” phyllis schlafly
your commentary this weekend was fantastic people love what you say and how you say it
you can have a round on me!
for safety thank you to the governor of pr and to all of those who are working so closely with our first responders fantastic job!
the fake news media is officially out of control they will do or say anything in order to get attention never been a time like this!
song “rockin’ in the free world” was just one of 10 songs used as background music didn’t love it anyway
in this case what would you do if you were the president? id rebuild the us and make it great again!
we grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in texas to the students families teachers and personnel at santa fe high school – we are with you in this tragic hour and we will be with you forever
all i heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away tryme!!
seriously pleaserun for president we need someone who can get the job done with competence!
so many women to fire gonna be a cat fight
celebrity apprentice is truly a great show great cast every season!
we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector
will definitely vote for you breath of fresh air america needs you!
john lewis said about my inauguration it will be the first one that ive missed wrong or lie! he boycotted bush 43 also because he
not looking good for our great military or safety and security on the very dangerous southern border dems want a shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the tax cuts and what they are doing for our booming economy
just spoke to governor rick scott we are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible florida school shooting
happy birthday president reagan flashbackfriday
as i watch the news mr trump im thinking i hope america has had enough of clintonampbush as potus
we need you for potus because theres a whole lot of people in washington who need to hear the words youre fired!
thx marki appreciate your words about the school you sound like youre doing wellhappy for you
why would be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
wind farms are ugly not cost effective and dont produce worthwhile returns or energy no wonder governments are giving up on them
thank you atlanta georgia! leaving for nevada now lets make america safe and great again!
just arrived at the pensacola bay center join me live on in 10 minutes! maga
good luck commenting on this snooze fest im out
twitlonger betai have great respect for the people that represent china what i dont respect is the way that we negotiate and cont
youll make a great president thanks
all seven online polls including drudge and time with thousands of respondents said i won the debate said i was so so
how can crooked hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for nafta the worst economic deal in us history?
wow three top microsoft investors want bill gates out as chairman do not like job he is doing!
every american needs to say 2 simple words to every vet they meet thank you! john wayne walding
“ tellin it how it is on letterman love ya donald” he should be president
big election tomorrow in the great state of alabama vote for senator luther strange tough on crime and border will never let you down!
thank you and makeamericagreatagain
we are going to make our country so strong again so great again no more ripping off the united states we will make america great again!
my trumptuesday interview discussing the 2012 election opec ripping us off and job policy
i am a full supporter of trump2016 is a guy that will help this country
heading down to dc
thank you for a wonderful evening in washington dc inauguration
twitlonger betaour president should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy instead cont
thank you a very wise bet! best wishes
the united states needs great deals and fast we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again!
the most important truth our founders understood was freedom is not a gift from govt freedom is a gift from god 🎥
the us has been talking to north korea and paying them extortion money for 25 years talking is not the answer!
in additionno doubt you would have been amazing on keep up the great work
use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger think big
amazing… tried to destroy aberdeen
congrats on the hall of fame !!!!! sorry haters but people loved my wwehof speech as you saw last night
so truethanks
wow corey lewandowski my campaign manager and a very decent man was just charged with assaulting a reporter look at tapesnothing there!
late winter or early spring it will be a great season!
people do not assume this but more than anything else i like helping people be at trump tower at 11 am today
what are the dates for the hotel stay?
republican senate must get rid of 60 vote now! it is killing the r party allows 8 dems to control country 200 bills sit in senate a joke!
quit jeb quit your poll is even lower than your apprentice rubio
rt thanks to the texas national guard for their help to rescue flooded texans hurricaneharvey
thank you for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields should have been done long ago trump2016
my politicking interview w/ on the govt shutdown obamacare putin 2016 and
you were right as usual mr trump! you called for madison bumgarner after game 6 and giants are now world champs!
north korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to china which is trying to help but with little success
happy birthday to the great you and your beautiful song have made such a difference make america great again!
michael barbaro the author of the now discredited hit piece on me with women has in past tweeted badly about me he should resign
in order to stop the ebola outbreak in africa perhaps the president should put all africans on obamacare rather than sending the troops!
“you can’t con people at least not for long if you don’t deliver the goods people will eventually catch on” the art of the deal
amazing is good too
your opinions on ebola were outstanding and intelligent if only we could channel some of this common sense to the wh
my interview
mr is the only candidate that hits my three main topics border security economy and national defense
watch on now!
you have to set higher and higher goals you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast think big
olivia culpo has been a star a young audrey hepburn
two canadian coast guard ships sent to rescue us freighter stuck in ice globalwarming?
i will be on at 7 00 am enjoy!
you just won a bleeding heart liberals respect with that tweet great news !
much more than anybody knows dopey much more and it will soon be revealed in detail
thought it would be hypocritical to attend bushs swearinginhe doesnt believe bush is the true elected president sound familiar! wp
heading to toronto for for a stay at the trump i expect it will blow my mind greatenjoy!
ever going to return to wwe and have your $$$ fall down from the sky? up to vince m
did an excellent job of hosting the demdebate last night tough firm but fair
the 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates cont
isnt it crazy im worth billions of dollars employ thousands of people and get libeled by moron bloggers who cant afford a suit! wild
one of the reasons hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldnt see how she got rich selling out america
we need a trump card in the white house you can make this country back to the way it was!
i will be watching the election results from trump tower in manhattan with my family and friends very exciting!
negotiation is a true talent it is an art and our politicians are killing our country b/c they dont have it speech
via by “wind farm proposal near rejected”
sean spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the fake news media but his future is bright!
i will be on with tonight at 6 pm
a lot of people have imagination but cant executeyou have to execute with the imagination donald j trump
degenerate former congressman anthony weiner is trying to make a comeback he is a sick and perverted man that new york does not want or need
i will be interviewed on show at 7 00 am and on morning joe at 7 20
throughout my travels ive had the pleasure of sharing the good news from america ive had the honor of sharing our vision for a free and open indopacific a place where sovereign and independent nations w/diverse cultures and many different dreams can all prosper sidebyside
feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have dale carnegie
other networks are begging me to do a showi cant because im doing the apprentice!
congrats to roger clemens he showed great courage this case never should have been brought to trial andy pettitte did the right thing
stock market hit another alltime high yesterday despite the russian hoax story! also jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
what a great four days in cleveland so proud of the great job done by the rnc and all the police and secret service were fantastic!
when the stupid people start feeling sorry for the boston killer and want to release him and give him medals remember the killingsmaimings
“statement from president donald j trump on givingtuesday”
ohio had the biggest budget increase in the us if it were not for striking oil they would be bust! governor kasich in favor of tpp fraud!
we are going to have a big event at the verizon wireless arena in manchester new hampshire! 5k! join us tomorrow
if mitt romney were in the private sector and he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012 do you think he’d rehire himself for 2016?—i don’t!
one of my first acts as president will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border debate maga
my interview discussing opec us gas resources and running a campaign against
but still we put our trust in and he failed us
if has a good debate tomorrow night obama is finished!
hey im very excited to hear were getting thecelebrityapprentice back on tv in just 2 months!
and pay per view records with “battle of the billionaires” in detroit it was a wild day!
in iowa next president needs to be great not just good iagop 2016
i really do respect your views as a republican! great
rt we should stop talking about obstruction of justice no plausible case we must distinguish crimes from pol sins
the first book signing at trump tower for timetogettough was so popular that im doing another one today from noon to 2 pm /trump tower
hsi agents and ero officers on behalf of an entire nation thank you for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow american’s safe everyone is so grateful! lawenforcementappreciationdaypresident
without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothingdonald trump lean from the best!
remember when obama promised “you can keep your health care plan?” not in these 10 states another lie
“hook your career to a big trend there are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions” – think big
great news out of new hampshire! donaldtrump is pulling away from the pack w/ 2nd is 17 behind him! trump2016
trump university has a 98 approval rating i could have settled but wont out of principle!
youre the only reason im registering to vote and first president im donating to!! 🇺🇸 thanks
think of it20 of our country is essentially unemployed
“do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way” – think like a champion
got to see the new trump letters on chicago skyscraper looks amazing
obama needs to listen to so we can turn things around economically !! so true and it would be sooooo easy!
i want a youre fired president with people in govt who are wasting my tax $s
wrong! under watch is not being invited to nato summit in chicago this month
found your locker at trump national we had an awesome time great
i really love and admire high level of work ethic and motivation very inspiring to entrepreneurs! thanks
iacaucus • 2/1/2016 • 6 30 pm makeamericagreatagain!iowa caucus finder gopdebate
my meetings with president xi jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of north korea he is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people it was great being with him and madame peng liyuan!
celebrityapprentice best show of alllllll time absolutely! wish it was on more!
yet not one meeting with an ally or an enemy! wheres the media?
watch to see the new cast of
twitlonger betaheres the solution on china get tough slap a 25 percent tax on chinas products if they dont set a real cont
i have to say your a better host than alan sugar who does the uk version thanks!
despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair prior to its violation by ms clifford and her attorney this was a private agreement money from the campaign or campaign contributions played no roll in this transaction
cpac attendees and fellow patriots lines for my start at 7 00am outside the potomac ballroom make sure to get there early!
on my way to iowa will be landing in des moines in two hours see ya!
i always said i will not vote until i truly believe in a good leader you sir will get my vote! makeamericagreatagain
matt schlapp and cpac are getting ready for another exciting event big difference from those days when president obama held the white house you’ve come a long way matt!
obamacare is a disaster! time to repeal and replace! obamacarefail
i am on with chris wallace his 20th year anniversary with fns throughout the day enjoy!
rt the maga great again movement is winning and the leftwing media cant stand it!
thank you senator maga
the dollar is at an alltime wwii low against the yen the feds recklessness is going to lead to record inflation
via “ project will boast 800 hotel rooms” $250m renovation on 800 acres in sunny miami
planning a golf trip to scotland aug 2015 should we plan on playing trump intl?? yes it is the best
obama will be going on and fundraising while in nyc for the un assembly
just spoke to to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from this is a true tragedy!
michelle obama likes to be addressed as your excellency she is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself
my interview with of discussing timetogettough gop primary and my 2012 options
what is better advice the art of the deal or rules for radicals? i know which one prefers
why is the un condemning and doing nothing about syria? what a disgrace
thank you nashua new hampshire! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
country needs to rise and be great again! so we need great men and leaders at the top!! true!
the news about our beautiful miss venezuela monica spear is devastating to all who knew her a spectacular woman she will be missed
i am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap i would have been lambasted from coast to coast
as a 16 year old who can vote in 2016 id love to make u my 1st vote run for president! so cute and nice
for those that don’t think a wall fence works why don’t they suggest taking down the fence around the white house? foolish people!
please post a daily vine saying obama youre fired! thank you!
rt nevertrumpers elite msmers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves that supporters are deserting…
never never never give up winston churchill
slippery james comey a man who always ends up badly and out of whack he is not smart! will go down as the worst fbi director in history by far!
at 7 00 am
again for all of the haters and losers i have nothing to do with atlantic city got out a long time ago!
of the brexit fame we can do this! we can maga with
congrats on ! donaldtrump must be proud ! sharknado way to go you are a winner!
but the people were protrump! virtually no president has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 monthsand economy roaring
lines for my address start at 7 00am outside the potomac ballroom acu has asked that you get there early cpac2013
thank you travis county texas! makeamericagreatagain
one of the 1st and best sites when 1st coming to the us inspiration
rick perry is right when he says we must stand by israel in the un
is amazing 👌🏻 you can tell me hes not when youre as successful as him
funny to watch the democrats criticize trade deals being negotiated by me when they don’t even know what the deals are and when for 8 years the obama administration did nothing on trade except let other countries rip off the united states lost almost $800 billion/year under “o”
the iran deal is terrible why didnt we get the uranium stockpile it was sent to russia sotu
prove it and while youre at it prove your alleged iq as well the highest asshole!
crooked hillary clinton overregulates overtaxes and doesnt care about jobs most importantly she suffers from plain old bad judgement!
kevin garnetts response to ray allen last night was that of a great competitornothing wrongin fact it was terrific a champion!
the race for dnc chairman was of course totally rigged bernies guy like bernie himself never had a chance clinton demanded perez!
one thing i learned from sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make we will have strong deal makers
i will be on fox and friends at 700 fighting ebola will be a topic!
great quote! im in the turf business nj and phil your sups and courses are top notch! thank you
i want to do negative ads on john kasich but he is so irrelevant to the race that i don’t want to waste my money
they think the course should be old school you know like before lawn care technology aka goats!
sold out of timetogettough in the first week more copies have been ordered for holidays dont worry
“do more be more give moreand everyone will benefit” – think like a champion
now that iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history they have just moved to block any imports from the us
sometimes there is justice a chinese military news paper was hacked
rt great again 235000
thank you worcester massachusetts! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
offering top amenities along w/ award winning architectural design condominiums are worldclass
join me tomorrow in plymouth new hampshire! fitn nhprimary
via by trump i can make america great again
with joan rivers and ivankatrump from last nights great boardroom!
my djt collection mens wallet from lasted me many years loved that wallet
danny—let your bosses on modern family lend you the money to play the game show courage!
it was a great honor to welcome prime minister najib abdul razak of malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the today!
great job we are all proud of you!
thanks everyone loves it
a story in the that i was close to “rescinding” the nomination of justice gorsuch prior to confirmation is fake news i never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a justice of the us supreme court the unnamed sources don’t exist!
a great honor to receive polling numbers like these record setting african american 25 and hispanic numbers 31
spoke to president xi of china to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation also discussed noko and trade two very important subjects!
michigan mississippi idaho and hawaii get out to vote and join the movement today! video
great interview on newday makeamericagreatagain
by popular demand i will be tweeting during tomorrows record 14th season premiere of on at 9/8c
trumpvlog the republicans must defeat not themselves
omikrondreamer do you wear your own ties? yes
would you ever return to toronto? youre very much respected by all over here including myself great city
good luck to derek on his operation i know it will be a success he is a great champion
great! just won fivestar ratings for hotel and restaurant from forbes travel guide
is channeling this morning in studio 1a!
via by “trump heads to iowa as 16 speculation rises”
the 2nd amendment is under siege we need scotus judges who will uphold the us constitution debate bigleaguetruth
what a sad lineup the republicans have most we never heard of they have nothing to inspire us
congratulations to patrick reed on his great and courageous masters win! when patrick had his amazing win at doral 5 years ago people saw his great talent and a bright future ahead now he is the masters champion!
donaldtrump which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done
is a huge hit all over the world your cheap and boring documentary is a tremendous flop
like i said trump for president usa needs a positive change
big dinner with governors tonight at white house much to be discussed including healthcare
why do you hate so many people? i dont i love people!
your behavior is awful you need to dial down the arrogance!
ted cruz complains about my views on eminent domain but without it we wouldnt have roads highways airports schools or even pipelines
i may not agree with everything he says but your definitely a good businessman very true!
border patrol officer killed at southern border another badly hurt we will seek out and bring to justice those responsible we will and must build the wall!
unlike the rest of you libs mr trump will be just fine he doesnt have obamacare!
he is right neither bush or romney should run we need someone who is not a wimp
ryan died on a winning mission according to general mattis not a failure time for the us to get smart and start winning again!
ill be at liberty university monday 10 am for speech looking forward to meeting studentsall sold out!
congratulations to emmanuel macron on his big win today as the next president of france i look very much forward to working with him!
please run for president mr trump! the phonies will run the other way! interesting!
really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at cpac2013 i look forward to it!
yes regis is the best!
rt this administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda
you better run in 2016 for president and fix these problemsyou can do this donald!!! 2016 president right
“president trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy tax cut bonuses to more than 2000000 workers most explosive stock market rally that we’ve seen in modern times 18000 to 26000 from election and grounded in profitability and growth all trump not 0
something very important and indeed society changing may come out of the ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing no shaking hands!
a resort in arizona is using sewage to make snow environmentalists are going crazyi wont be skiing in that snow
patriots for trump!
under his administration oil and gas production on public land is down over 10 obama did not tell truth last night
makeamericagreatagain trump2016 trumpnation trumpforpresident 🇺🇸
todays third stop londonderry new hampshire! thank you! fitn votetrumpnh
the american economy would grow if washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations government is not the solution
another horrific attack this time in nice france many dead and injured when will we learn? it is only getting worse
flattery!
take the money we would waste in syria give it to you you go rebuild detroit so true!
young entrepeneurs think big stay motivated and always remain confident the sky is the limit
will be going to richmond virginia today big crowd! see you there
trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do blue collar with you
thats great!
karzai of afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement they are dropping us like dopes get out now and rebuild us!
democrats are laughingly saying that mccain had a moment of courage tell that to the people of arizona who were deceived 116 increase!
it would be really great to invite ximena navarrete as a surprise guest to next mushow we love her and we miss her!!
a political commentator for which i no longer watch said trump showed some weakness in the repub primaries i set alltime record!
entrepreneurs set the example you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example
trumpvine sucks!
exclusive — donald trump on the gop primary ‘if i win i will beat hillary’ via by katie mchugh
as stated here is the press release
everybody says that! thanks
the ruling consultant class of losers like have no respect for the tea party they do this at their own peril!
remember new environment friendly lightbulbs can cause cancer be careful the idiots who came up with this stuff dont care
and now holds an adjunct professorship at columbia university boudin also received an academic laurel from nyu law school
let me help you trumpophobes with math trump $103b$12m 74 equity/12m 858233 sampp 13145 derp
you are awesome! cant wait for next season of celebrity apprenticehope you run for president in 2016 thanks!
thanks rich
ben carson has never created a job in his life well maybe a nurse i have created tens of thousands of jobs its what i do
michael vick of the philadelphia is a great athlete but not a great quarterback
rt how many times must it be said? actions speak louder than words dt said bad things!hrc threatened me after bc raped me
looking forward to missusa this weekend in vegas! great to have our formermiss alabama!
look heres the deal has been a total disaster he has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs timetogettough
and the 2011 contestants stopped by trump tower yesterday watch the video missusa vegasusa11
new poll trump blue collar support highest since fdr in 1930swow!
pocahontas is at it again! goofy elizabeth warren one of the least productive us senators has a nasty mouth hope she is vp choice
here are hillary clintons accomplishments at the state department debates2016 rattledhillary
my interview discussing misleading political ad response and and
i am in ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful atlantic ocean property it is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! doonbeg
just out according to utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country
i dont understand the all the fuss the building is an exquisite edition to our skyline
china has 5 oil projects in iraq and we didnt get anything from the iraqis except asked to leave iraq is going cont
youre definitely going to run just admit it you would wipe the floor with those clueless academics realworldsolutions
can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance cant afford this
what do you think of water boarding the boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? i suspect he may talk!
when i renovated wollman rink in central park it came in $750000 under budget
top 100 golf courses
snow and ice freezing weather in texas arizona and oklahoma what the hell is going on with global warming?
ernieyou are doing a great job with autismsupportglad to help see you at trump national jupiter
wowthanks
that the obama administration didnt know the facts about who bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic!
very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by white house legislation moving forward bump stocks will soon be out highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry subject to state law armed guards ok deterrent!
fracking poses zero health risks in fact it increases our national security by making us energy independent
i would vote for you in a second great american that would get this country back on track thank you
lyin’ ted cruz steals foreign policy from me and lines from michael douglas— just another dishonest politician
the liberal clown told her minions at the money losing to cover me as enterainment i am 1 in huff post poll
is a great place i just spent the weekend there and the place golf and staff were excellent 10 out of 10 thx!
what is wrong with this story? isn’t this just ridiculous? terrible! kathyboudin
shock obama wh given three pinocchios for lying about benghazi emails
my representatives had a great meeting w/ the hispanic chamber of commerce at the wh today look forward to tremendous growth and future mtgs!
employment is up taxes are down enjoy!
we are delivering historic tax relief for the american people! taxcutsandjobsact
happy birthday ray
if the morons who killed all of those people at charlie hebdo would have just waited the magazine would have folded no money no success!
melania and i just had interview with the legendary watch abc2020 this friday tonight we talk isis
my interview re blackout stupid comment and suing f/$5m
via trump to sequester cuts don’t go far enough’
chinas the leading exporter of iraqi oil yet they won’t lift a finger against isis why should we do the heavy lifting for china’s gain?
why is hillary even allowed to run shes a criminal good question!
the decision on sergeant bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our country and to our military
now that i started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border most other candidates are finally speaking up just politicians!
first obama says egypt is not an ally then he promises to keep handing over aid incompetent and unqualified
the obamas spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476k they love to spend money
thanks ill keep at it
perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of us companies been better than they are today!
i look forward to meeting today in new jersey she has done a great job as senator of iowa!
you are witnessing the single greatest witch hunt in american political history led by some very bad and conflicted people! maga
please get elected! be the next reagan! you can do it! thanks!
wow chinas growth accelerated 78 in third quarter if the us had half that number we would be the talk of the world need leadership
i will be on with tonight at 6 pm trump2016
wow unbelievable
i will also be going to a wonderful state missouri that i won by a lot in 16 dem cm is opposed to big tax cuts republican will win s!
red in 2014 and 2016 and remove these inept clowns and party out for the next 8 years donald trump run for pres americans are fed up!
on fifth avenue the iconic is one of nycs most heavily visited tourist attractions
just out the same russian ambassador that met jeff sessions visited the obama white house 22 times and 4 times last year alone
great honor to be endorsed by popular and successful of va a state that i very much want to winthx jim!
briarcliff manor should get a better town manager philip zegarelli has no clue—bad roads a total puppet of the mayor?
baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in march in a long recorded history 4 degrees other places likewise global warming con!
“failure isn’t fatal but failure to change might be” – john wooden
i live for every word this man says icon realestate successfactors
work often becomes problem solving problems come with the territory and they should never surprise you think like a champion
this show motivates me part of my inspiration to savesksocial
while on fake news bernie sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network they said technical difficulties!
the emmys were horrendousthe absolute worst show!
winners never quit and quitters never win vince lombardi
the art of the deal was the 1st book i read of yours and it was n still is a great read all of ur books r great reads thanks
i watched the interview he sounds like an unpatriotic dolt trump 2016!
what is your best piece of advice for someone starting over at 40? work hard and love what you do!
trump did not need 2acquire wealth and power owes nothing to anyone candidates owe their backers
i took trump university class and saved my home!
cant wait to see celebrityapprentice tonight! is my absolute favourite!!!
via by donald trump guest speaker at event honoring james foley
im urging my friends in brooklyn to vote for bob turner tomorrowsend a message
why doesn’t somebody study the horrible charges brought against for racial profiling? terrible hypocrites!
today i hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in congress tomorrow watch and read more…
will be on enjoy!
entrepreneurs see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level take responsibility for yourself!
no wonder is in such big trouble and boss was just firedthey are lost
you have frequently been a great judge of character very important for success in life thanks
great advice yesterday i listened to your audio book think big for the 2nd time great!
said he doesnt take the navy seals campaigning against him too seriously
my new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans time for america to be 1 again timetogettough
officially confirms on this morning miss usa pageant will be coming to baton rouge in june
has never rushed into anything! we will wait on you! trump2016
i am proud of the tea party these great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years
just met the new prime minister of italy a really great guy he will be honored in washington at the shortly he will do a great job the people of italy got it right!
today we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of congress’ highest civilian honor to our friend and true american hero bob dole congressionalgoldmedal
why is washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our va is still in shambles? vets should be the priority
let’s see what happens in the boardroom… celebapprentice
what would allstar be w/out a baldwin? is at the top of his game this season our fans will be happy
i think should run office for one day then maybe some stuff would get set straight the right way thank you!
fact – obama still has not fixed the backend of the obamacare website this could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history
would make a great commander in chief true intelligence common sense economy knowledge leadership
well at least the donalds arrogance is warranted so true thanks!
thank you to robert rorke for the really nice review of snl so many enjoyed it very gratifying!
wow crooked hillary was duped and used by my worst miss u hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past which is terrible!
yes i ami am saving it from wind turbine destruction!
im sick of always reading about outsourcing why arent we talking about onshoring? we need to bring manufa… cont
beautiful sunset last night from the 18th at trumpnationalphiladelphia great course!
donald trump is running the most costeffective presidential campaign in modern history thank you!
i wonder if when secy kerry goes to iraq and afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at global warming and study the carbon footprint?
we sure could use someone who cares about america
we are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our veterans
shining over fifth avenue a ny icon offers a full service restaurant bar cafe ice cream parlor and gucci
i literally give a fist pump when i see tell things the way they are and calling out those with no credibility
may god be w/ the people of sutherland springs texas the fbi and law enforcement are on the scene i am monitoring the situation from japan
its thursday i wonder how much money drained from medicare today to finance obamacare
outstanding!!! is obvious that jr has much of his fathers charisma and intelligence!
obamacare continues to increase insurance premiums and raise record deductibles new congress must use every tool to defund
our national security starts at the border do you think isis and alqaeda are just in the middle east?
via joan rivers last work for will run on two shows next season says donald trump
i told you that the giants starting hudson was a mistake just got knocked out of the game i love being right!
makes me laugh im so glad i found him on twitter ill always be a fan! trumptastic thanks!
thank you trumppence16
i never heard of until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mindbut i have a great deal for him!
is doing a great job so far no contest!
i agree with the donald what a goat track! ill take the beauty of pebble any day!
the celeb apprentice is the best of both worldsreal business lessons plus very entertaining celebrity stars! cant wait
the story with hillary will never change
watching hbo tyson my suggestion to all wealthy sports entertainers offer 10of earnings to protect your interests
via by trump ny mag ailes story total bullst it was total bullshit!
the fake news refuses to talk about how big and how strong our base is they show fake polls just like they report fake news despite only negative reporting we are doing well nobody is going to beat us make america great again!
“donald trump” just crossed 735 million views on you’re welcome mac!
via by “ to open golf academy at donald trump’s
to entrepreneurs watching you could be the motivation for your employees so make it an example that will best serve your success
senator luther strange has done a great job representing the people of the great state of alabama he has my complete and total endorsement!
stock market hits new record high confidence and enthusiasm abound more great numbers coming out!
i will be interviewed by tonight on at 8 pm enjoy!
thank you piers for the wonderful article and also great writing
for president !! thesmartguy
should be president
great new poll
a clip from guest hosting yesterday on discussing halle angus and gen petraeus
rt president trumps tax cuts will generate greater economic opportunities for all
sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war
wow ted cruz falsely suggested marco rubio mocked the bible and was just forced to fire his communications director more dirty tricks!
you love to have my ratings?
in order to save medicare and stop record premium increaseswe must repeal obamacare
trump on others who have spoken to fitn in new hampshire with all the people youre listening to you can forget it
crooked hillary attacks foreign government donations while ignoring her own
oh yes the next president of united states my president donald trump in 2016
thank you kevin mccarthy! couldn’t agree w/you more together we are maga🇺🇸
i will be live tweeting my interview with on the fox network tonight at 8! enjoy!
live in the suburbs but saw the trump sign on your beautiful building really classy! love it!
when will charlotte see trump as part of the skyline? already have a great job there trump national
when i broadly proclaimed mitt “choked” – and would do it again—everybody said yeah he’s right
wont tiptoe around tough issues others fear! he has demonstrated proof of his problem solving ability in the boardroom
watch my appearance on from last night
the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn – anonymous
well deserved you motivate me every day thanks
i will be interviewed on at 7 00 30 minutes some very interesting topics
magician extraordinaire is back in the allstar this time he has even more tricks up his sleeve
one day i hope to be successful and a bit controversial like keeping things interesting and classy go for it!
rt my father was elected for one reason and thats because he actually believes in putting america first which is…
released by intelligence even knowing there is no proof and never will be my people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
rt calling out support for nafta most searched moment during tonights debate debates20…
part of me really really likes the man is breathtakingly honest have to give him credit
this has been a very difficult decision regarding the presidential run and i want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support
hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays
floridian here i quit watching debates years ago and most tv except gator football until you decided to run for president
plz stay safe dear sir the world needs youyour competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion
trump by far!
imitation is the sincerest form of flattery huntsman goes donald trump
bernie sanders endorsing crooked hillary clinton is like occupy wall street endorsing goldman sachs
have a trumptastic monday!! thank you
just out nevada poll shows jeb bush at 1 he should take his dumb mouthpiece and just go home
internationally recognized as an iconic landmark beams over fifth avenue
“watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack” general george s patton
in 2016! this country cant wait any longer
thanks dana
the harder you work the luckier you get!
congrats on roadhard raising $1m on a record
big protest march in colorado on friday afternoon! dont let the bosses take your vote!
thanks euanwe will save scotlands great beautyno turbines
if you can’t handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes focus and stay positive
vote for and stop hillary! she is running for bills 3rd term!
in spite of the hype it is a great hotel i was there when it opened a few years ago thanks
today it was my great honor to welcome president mirziyoyev of uzbekistan to the
thanks keith!
my review of thedarkknightrises and more in todays trumpvlog
in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest
i will be interviewed on the kelly file tonight be sure to watch on
“im not afraid of failing i dont like to fail i hate to fail but im not afraid of it”
massive record setting snowstorm and freezing temperatures in us smart that global warming hoaxsters changed name to climate change! $$$$
may be their number one act and priority focus on tax reform healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! dts
todays eo established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis watch listening session➡️…
as china is building an air and naval force is cutting ours he is weakening our national security
trump international tower in chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by council on tall buildings urban habitat
intelligence insiders now claim the trump dossier is a complete fraud!
more than a few voters may playthetrumpcard! backlash
proud to have you 3 on our side ! thank you
no im saying that the world is paying the price for chinas pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! very sad
i love being in south carolina we are leading big in all of the state polls saturday is a big day make america great again!
i will be in south carolina all week saturday is big big big! get out and vote make america great again
being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort be totally focused
the substation in blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfill—fire hazard!
rt fox news alert isis claims responsibility for hostage siege in melbourne australia that killed 1 person and injured 3…
wow they are really killing jay leno let him go out with dignity!
rt the trump inaugural committee is donating $3 million in surplus funds to victims of the latest hurricanes
republicans senators are working hard to get their failed obamacare replacement approved i will be at my desk pen in hand!
be prepared to go it alonebeing an entrepreneur is not initially a group effort keep your focus read midas touch
every time i see address a crowd i want to start chanting usa usa usa! americanpride is back trump2016
the lincoln day dinner last night in michigan was fantastic record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm i loved it!
record high for s and p 500!
insurance companies are fleeing obamacare it is dead our healthcare plan will lower premiums and deductibles and be great healthcare!
i hope we can survive the rest of this losers 8 year term
is definitely a legend a real man among men thanks doug i like you tooooo!
i say go for it solid business leadership for a change congrats on the new develo pm ent in vancouverthanks
great quote from the late steve jobs innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
people in arizona just got a taste of obamacare with a 116 increase in premiums repeal and replace!
i love the fact you cant be bought
please save us from this bs in dc my heads going to pop off if any of these clowns get elected please runplease!
our country needs the same fixup
lisa page who may hold the record for the most emails in the shortest period of time to her lover peter s and attorney baker are out at the fbi as part of the probers getting caught? why is peter s still there? what a total mess our country has to get back to business!
my deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in douglas county and their families we love our police and law enforcement god bless them all! lesm
i love you thanks!
the brand new season of starts filming in less than 5 weeks the all star cast will be announced very soon
i hope and pray
trump kasich jeb and christie all had good nights
they should quote you word for word if they are going to use what you said selective editing is very unfair true
just saw the phony ad by cruz totally false more dirty tricks he got caught in so many lies is this man crazy?
if authorities need direct view from top of trump tower call office
hillary clinton had gun control supporters planted in town hall audience
and japan will put up with this much longer perhaps china will put a heavy move on north korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
ive been saying it for a long long time noko
he was thé very first one to warn people about barack hussein obama and people blamed him? well he was right!
watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment
ive finally unfollowed i doubt it loser but if so youll be back because youre lonely and admire genius!
watch out champion returns to the boardroom as a judge in this week’s allstar celebrity dont cross her!
“how to travel like a billionaire! inside donald trumps £63m private jet” via by
“ trump recognized kenyas effort celebapprentice thats good thank u!
rt and think youre deplorables and basementdwellers and think youre patr…
any increase in obamacare premiums is the fault of the democrats for giving us a product that never had a chance of working
labor unions giving serious thought to endorsing trump via washington examiner
crooked hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her email lies has been a disaster on foreign policy look whats happening!
new day on cnn treats me very badly is a disaster not going to watch anymore
trumpvine from dc
his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding thanks
ill be on on monday at 7 30 amtune in!
like your current health care plan? too bad you’re going to lose it under obamacare hope change and a 300 increase in your premium
i will be livetweeting president obamas primetime speech tonight starting at 7 50 pm easternwill he finally state the real problems?
you are such a great team i work with my daughter and i can understand the dynamic thank you
agreed st maarten has so many issues and makes so many empty promises shes incompetent
trump is the only leader with plan expertise passion to bring back jobs/companies to usa trump2016
the military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc have done an amazing job puerto rico was totally destroyed
thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings but it’s actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice my birthday is june 14th
we need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem
staying at doral tonight cant wait to see it after the trump renovations it will be amazing!
this story is not about mr khan who is all over the place doing interviews but rather radical islamic terrorism and the us get smart!
imwithyou americafirst
sorry wont be doing fox and friends this morning will be in india on a couple of major business deals!
thank you senator david perdue!
was glued to all season one of my favourites great ending amazing show! thx sir thank you
love macys ! i agree!
boycott all apple products until such time as apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical islamic terrorist couple from cal
love when gives advice to entrepreneurs on twitter! its a great motivator😊 thanks
he is a successful entrepreneur successfuly ruined americas credit easy choice in november
thank you for yr wonderful tweet of july 4 i wanted a little time to go by before calling your sister and family are amazing
« without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing » donald trump
the has clarified that the unemployment is actually 8254 not 83 a little sensitive are we?
jeb bush george w and george hw all called to express their best wishes on the win very nice!
thanks rogerali was and is great!
george ross could be right— would be better in the adventure task than the romance task celebapprentice
on yom hashoah we remember the six million jews slaughtered in the holocaust with each passing year our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge neveragain holocaustremembranceday
thanks michael!
should focus on running nyc and all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude and not be so focused on me!
is pushing the around by asking for extra time and no criteria in order to sell more commercials
obamacarefail hillarycarefail
continues to deliver the goods
to help mcconnell who spoke right after him”
the penn state board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the ncaa they gave away cont
think of it the arab league doesnt want to get involved with syria but they want us to do their dirty work how stupid!
next saturday night i will be holding a big rally in pennsylvania look forward to it!
via trump wins at trial calls woman suing him horrible human being
via by “ very warm during appearance on
i have turned family and friends into apprentice fans nothing better
“you have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals think big but be realistic” – think big
i agree donald!
while we are on the subject it is reported that the us post office will lose $150 on average for each package it delivers for amazon that amounts to billions of dollars the failing ny times reports that “the size of the company’s lobbying staff has ballooned” and that
hopefully we will never have to use this power but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
anna wintour came to my office at trump tower to ask me to meet with the editors of conde nast and steven newhouse a friend will go this am
obamacare is torturing the american peoplethe democrats have fooled the people long enough repeal or repeal and replace! i have pen in hand
perhaps pray for great leadership!
keep stimulating your mind with big ideas fill your mind with new information and use this information to spawn new ideas think big
can close the economic racial and political divisions in america that is true!
jeff flake with an 18 approval rating in arizona said a lot of my colleagues have spoken out really they just gave me a standing o!
memoir is a powerful example of perseverance and hope “getting real” is as real as it gets get it and enjoy! gettingreal
if you run you have my vote on top of that rand paul gets to be vice president
mr trump please run and save this country from going to hell you got my vote thanks
i really would want to see what america would look likewith at the helm of affairs
crooked hillary cant close the deal with bernie sanders will be another bad day for her!
did you ever think theapprentice would be the ratings machine it is for so long? no but who ever knows
reading tweets is my guilty pleasure
together we are going to make america safe and great again!
yes absolutely
just passed the great mans tower! nice
w/finance and negotiation skills like no one elsetrump would restore credibility to the presidency
i am right about amazon costing the united states post office massive amounts of money for being their delivery boy amazon should pay these costs plus and not have them bourne by the american taxpayer many billions of dollars po leaders don’t have a clue or do they?!
lightweight is driving business out of ny so that he can get publicity for his failing political career
donald!!!! please run for president! our country needs you!!!
yet another terrorist attack today in israel a father shot at by a palestinian terrorist was killed while
if taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff then they must be accompanied by tangible hard cuts on spending everywhere
ill be on on monday at 7 30 am tune in!
love that is one of the few famous people in the public eye that will proudly support the 2ndamendment!
just saw you on absolutely awesome thanks for giving me hope in the us
i seriously admire watching his show celebrity apprentice was my inspiration to do well as a kid great
no the project sucks!
love inspirational awesome businessman teacher and great role model for all generations thank you
the best thing about you becoming president would be getting to see you tell all of obamas lackeys youre fired!
tune in and join me live in albany new york! 7 pm e start time! i love you new york! trump2016 trumptrain
in britain more muslims join isis than join the british army
« sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make » donald trump
egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical islam the current protest is another coup attempt we should never have abandoned mubarak
i am more concerned about biden in the debate than i am about obama be careful on thursday night!
the system is rigged general petraeus got in trouble for far less very very unfair! as usual bad judgment
yes please vote for him in 2 yrs
on point with gov sarah palin and donald trump
we win in our lives by having a champions view of each moment donald j trump
ellen was so awkward and insecure last night the pizza skit was terrible she should dump andy lassner a guy with no absolutely no talent!
a dishonest slob of a reporter who doesnt understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife wrote a foolish and boring trump hit
next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture
so like the media to make something out of nothing dont let them sidetrack from the message
you are the man plain and simple thank you very nice
shockingover 92 of francewho just elected a socialist for its new pm want reelected
why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the government? seems excessive
thanks jeff
“donald trump pledges to make prestwick airport really successful” via
one of the most obvious lessons on is for the candidates to learn to think quickly think like a champion
with all of the words president obama just dispensed at his press conference he didnt say what we all want to hearill stop the flights
obamacare is far toooo expensive far toooo complicated thousands of pages and most importantly doesnt work we can do much better!
the public is learning even more so how dishonest the fake news is they totally misrepresent what i say about hate bigotry etc shame!
id♡ love ♡donald trump to buy the and also run for our president! super deal double win win! thx
a new era in american energy! madeintheusa🇺🇸watch here
re negotiation persistence can go a long way being stubborn can be good the key is to know when to loosen up
snowden is a liarand a fraud!
and reminds me of my grandpa the smartest man i know wow great!
looking forward to my meeting with benjamin netanyahu in trump tower at 10 00 am
bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the democrats the system is rigged against him many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
obama needs to listen to nope trump2016 must do it obama clueless and in over his big head
i have to express the great speech you gave us in march at the trump doral golf tournament momentum! thanks
thank you for inspiring this world no thank you!
happy nationalfarmersday!📸
former weather underground radical kathy boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armoredcar robbery that killed 2 cops and a brinks guard
so is celebrating his birthday with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of rezko
i have made my decision on who i will nominate for the united states supreme court it will be announced live on tuesday at 8 00 pm wh
5 billion for a website we could have bought 50 f35 fighters or 5 aircraft carriers but we got a worthless website
happy thanksgiving to everyone we will together make america great again!
happy birthday to my idol i hope one day to be as successful as you! trump2016 work hard!
however beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results winston churchill
how can i help with your campaign whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done road to the wh ends with trump!
hey which gets better reviews the redesigned blue monster at or bothgreat reviews
when do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency? we shall see!
i fully supported mccain but when he lost hoped obama would be great for us he wasnt
politicians know how to become president businessmen know how to be president
great deal we swap 5 killer terrorists for a us military deserter that’s how the us negotiates nowadays
while security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor scott pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at epa record clean air and water while saving usa billions of dollars rent was about market rate travel expenses ok scott is doing a great job!
for political purposes only obama is planning to hit libya for the benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
you know how to lead! thats what the people need!!
“we ran out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are” neil irwin of the
republicans have very strong hand in their fight against obamacarelets see if they are willing and able to play it tuff!
think weiner will move to a state that doesnt know him? he should move better for him to make a new start
the mayweather decision is a disgrace!
oh please please please let run for president that would make my year
just had an agricultural roundtable with memembers of congress and governorsi will be making remarks on the large scale tax cuts given to american families and workers at 1 45 pm from the rose garden join me live
nice of you to ask to help the coast guard👍
hates military tues remember how pres hasnt lifted a finger for usmc tahmooressi only wants illegals to cross border
should run in 2016 thanks for your nice thoughts!
i truly believe you are the best makeamericagreatagain thank you so much!
it’s friday how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today?
now obama is keeping our soldiers in afghanistan for at least another year he is losing two wars simultaneously
perfect moment with an inspiring book thank you mr trump
as president of the united states of america i will always put americafirst🇺🇸 ungafull remarks
you were completely right as always! thanks
because of the $700 and $716 billion dollars gotten to rebuild our military many jobs are created and our military is again rich building a great border wall with drugs poison and enemy combatants pouring into our country is all about national defense build wall through m!
everybody is talking about the protesters burning the american flags and proudly waving mexican flags i want america first so do voters!
ben carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy
the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have vince lombardi
inducts huh? cant picture anyone else doing this wwehof
on president obamas statements in panama our country is going to hellunder his leadership
pineworst 2 is a number two alright a dump turn on the water! since when r the carolinas in drought?
rt honored to pray for my friend at tonights dallas rally trumpdallas c
good advice from my father fred c trump know everything you can about what youre doing
the art of the deal is a good introduction
derek get well soon the need youl
join us in iowa tomorrow! iacaucus trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 3 00 pm 7 30 pm
smart move by having pres bill clinton deliver the convention keynote
dopey in the mirror and thank the real lord that donald trump exists you are nothing!
what a shock! the us capitol christmas tree pays homage but failed to mention jesus
lets get trump2016 trending like crazy!!!
studying ways to increase pressure on china over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices
on schedule for 2016 completion 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of vancouver’s skyline
my int w/ discussing nickey s loeb 1st amendment awards dinner and
part 1 of my int with discussing why i am strongly considering running for president
despite the ever increasing ebola disaster obama refuses to stop flights from west africaits almost like hes saying fyou to us public
tbt donald trump meets a very uncomfortablelooking in 2006 thanksld
ah yes so many people i know are cancelling their macy credit cards youjustgottrumped great
going to salt lake city utah for a big rally lyin ted cruz should not be allowed to win there mormons dont like liars! i beat hillary
just like organization i can’t wait for to suspend arod will be a great day for the sport
isis just claimed the degenerate animal who killed and so badly wounded the wonderful people on the west side was their soldier
you are awesome sir! thank you for gifting our marine!
ive played pinehurst and trump bedminster and donald has 2 in bedminister that are superior thank you and true
i am truly enjoying myself while running for president the people of our country are amazing great numbers on november 8th!
“patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it” – mark twain
you would rock the house as prez! goforit
if ran for president i would vote for him!
just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book the art of the deal great parent!
my sense is that people are far angrier at the president than they are at congress re the shutdown—an interesting turn!
you have inspired us to makeamerciagreatagain
congratulations for making goldlist2015!
rt today i am honored to welcome chancellor angela merkel back to the white house we are also pleased to have our newly co…
wonderful!!
and you also made a great call on ba a few months ago and you were so right ! and made lots of moneythanks!
i feel bad for all employees every day at work they see circulation going down as graydon runs his bad food restaurants
the only thing you dont mention in the nice esquire piece about yod.c.he apprentice without which you would be nowhere!
just finished a press conference in trump tower wherein i gave information on which veterans groups got the $5600000 that i raised/gave!
make america great again! make america safe again!
what do we get from our economic competitor south korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from north korea? nothing!
a signed copy of crippled america is the ultimate gift order now and join my live streaming book signing on 12/3
thank you to shawn steel for the nice words on
congratulations to on his big win yesterday john is a great guy who never gave up and now a winner again!
is a progressive making money off of the conservative viewership a total loser!
i really want to hear say youre fired to reid and pelosi
thanks chris!
ive been a fan of yours for almost 25 years wow great!
hillary will never reform wall street she is owned by wall street!
across the battlefields oceans and harrowing skies of europe and the pacific throughout the war one great battle cry could be heard by america’s friends and foes alike “remember pearl harbor”
is a nice guy but just hopeless he knows so little about politics and in particular winning! i fixed his rating problem
i think after watching his roast ive realized that is super fucking bad ass props to you sir true thanks
is going to cut taxes big league crooked is going to raise taxes big league! draintheswamp…
on the cover of soap opera digest? that’s a credential… celebapprentice
love the new signage keep doing what youve always done and continue to inspire others
said yesterday that we have gone soft how can the world respect us when our own president doesnt?
thanksthe haters and losers know that too
like al sharpton apologized to me for calling me a racist on accepted!
iger where is my call of apology? you and abc have offended millions of people and they demand a response how is brian ross doing? he tanked the market with an abc lie yet no apology double standard!
the trump sign looks great! the haters are giving you good publicity though!
“read the bible work hard and honestly and dont complain” – rev
trump warned usa about o he had it correctly true!
“but if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun”
go fuck yourself you dumb fuck when was the last time you had a datesuch terrible language and picture
the us must immediately stop all flights from ebola infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our borders act fast!
you are doing a great job heather!
while putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the world president obama is watching march madness basketball!
i was in san jose ca on saturday for a sitdown interview for the acn national meeting which was attended by over 20000 people huge!
re megyn kelly quote you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes blood coming out of her wherever nose just got on w/thought
update isis jihadists stole tens of thousands of blank passports here we go!
the best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with robert kiyosaki midas touch cont
i want to win for the people of this great country the only people i will owe are the voters trump2016 video
i find it humorous that your sign shall stand alone as a result of the new regulation!!!
looking forward to your show and especially seeing joan rivers she did a great job!
love the trump in chicago those who dont like it are jealous! capitalism is where its at! we need more signs like it!
thank you as you know i have been saying this for a long time
dem operative who oversaw trump rally agitators visited white house 342 times draintheswamp
rt nflplayer pattillman joined us army in 2002 he was killed in action 2004 he fought 4our country/freedom standforourant…
heres what i told on when it comes to singer inappropriate attacks on
what a stupid deal for verizon to buy aol for $44 billion aol has been bad luck for everyone who touched it worth less than $1 billion!
unemployment for black americans is the lowest ever recorded trump approval ratings with black americans has doubled thank you and it will get even much better!
success tip keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
happy new year mr trump who was your role model before you became successful? my father fred trump
love this place im a trump resort traveler for life! great and thanks
had my best day ever in the polls one had me at 41 morning consult boston globe monmouth nbc and cnn all great more!
trump is hof ! thanks!
i really look up to his work ethic is great! continuing to work hard and to work smart 🙏
thank you mr trump for speaking up just now ! please dont stop !
via @ breitbart news by “donald trump heading to texas border”
you are a great man mr trump your words of wisdom get me through the day you could make our nation great again 💗💗💗
people are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new world trade center durst is a terrible manager tenants furious!
obamacare horror story “navigators tell applicants to lie like administration” strikes again!
thank you wisconsin! my administration will be focused on three very important words jobs jobs jobs! watch …
just awarded trump vineyard’s sparkling reserve 91 points the highest rated wine in virginia
why is oil at a record high? opec and the oil speculators continue to rip us off
thanks people love them
thank you! together we will makeamericagreatagain!
motivate why everyone wants mr trump for president? because hes outspokenclever and has business savvy?
a great book by a great guy highly recommended!
all haten t this was my tweet watching the usopen its as if theyre playing on a local community golf course looks awful
beautiful family!!! enjoy your trip thank you
cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w/ how can he preach christian values?
ill be making a major announcement on president obama next weekstay tuned!
looking forward to and freed summit in greenville sc this saturday!
he may be the worst reporter in all of sports of he gets away with murder and most people cont
talks about my hair but im not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body so i wont is this a double standard?
trump if republicans dont get tough theyre not going to win this election via
i made my decision to allow jenna talackova to participate in miss universe canada two days before gloria allred cont
after tonight it is clear! utah is trumpcountry utah mormon utahprimary utah4trump
everybodys talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight demdebate
i hope that crooked hillary picks goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas as her vp then we can litigate her fraud!
rt fnc dominated ratings last night msnbcdisaster demonstrating folks dont trust the network toni…
with all due respect bush did exactly the same thing in iraq you will seldom see me defending bush
reminder the miss universe competition will be live from the bahamas tonight @ 9 pm est on nbc
ive taken a few of the classes on line thought they were very good
do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best andrew carnegie
we must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country a small business boom let’s make america great again!
watch cnn tonight as piers and i discuss obama shutdown leadership and many other topics of interest 9 pm 10 minutes!
the next president isnt on ur stage is the next president
trump intl puerto rico spreads luxury residences a world class golf resort and beach club across 1000 acres
obama will go down as the worst president in history on many topics but especially foreign policy
rather amazing wasnt it!
democrats are far more concerned with illegal immigrants than they are with our great military or safety at our dangerous southern border they could have easily made a deal but decided to play shutdown politics instead weneedmorerepublicansin18 in order to power through mess!
tomorrow will be speaking at ia natl security action summit 1 30 pm join us tcot
rt great again feds arrest murder suspect in fast and furious scandal
“my office is at yankee stadium yes dreams do come true” captain derek jeter
watch on tonight at 9 00 pm
ivanka trump defends her dad via
please help save our country and run for president!! usa
“in nh trump says his business experience would play well in government” via by
when will you announce your 2016 decision? btw we all know youre running! trump2016
kates brain the lights are on and no ones home!😳 celebapprentice celebrityapprentice theapprentice
we need to keep america safe including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system to one that is meritbased
you can count me in! why do you think im because i believe in you and trust your judgement!
is having an online competition vote…
just finished reading a poorly written and very boring book on the general motors building by vicky ward waste of time!
rosie is back on the view which tells you how desperate they must be it is the standard short term fix and long term disaster
great job on this morning you beautifully stated what most people are thinking! say hi to all
i dont know how al michaels could have been drunk and arrested on friday night if he was totally sharp on saturday morning
verlander is great but very beatable does not have a good era in playoff games
whos your home run derby winner? perhaps davis!
true michael!
young entrepreneurs – keep positive don’t let the obamacare disaster stop your endeavors there are great opportunities out there
i have to confess i think the mr trump would have been a much better president then this fool we hav in office now
always good to have back as advisor as well as they have their own fan clubs at this point celebapprentice
entrepreneurs view any conflict as an opportunity being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation
if you have a speechone that would put winston churchill to shame liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!
the acquisition of ichiro was a smart move i look forward to watching him play
now is the time to buy housing before values have fully recovered in 5 years remember i told you so
so sad that burt reynolds has lost all of his money i wish he came to me for advicehe would be rich as hell!
bringing jobs back from china and asia is a winning issue hell capture the reagan democrats hope he runs
stephen thats rightand someone who is really smart!
hey my 8 year old needs to do a book report on a bad person we picked you a great subject should get an a
entrepreneurs trust your instincts even after youve honed your skills theyre there for a reason
come to miss usa tomorrow in las vegaswill be a great evening!
rt dick durbin called trump racist for wanting to end chain migration heres a video of dick durbin calling for an end to…
is right—california taxes are far too high it’s ridiculous
thank you an honor to be with you today great news ! manufacturers report recordhigh economic optimism in 2017 taxreform
will be participating in a town hall tonight on at 10 pm e from austin texas enjoy!
a look at the trump hotel planned for the old post office pavilion via
ny jets center nick mangold interns for trump watch trumps fabulous world of golf tonight 9 pm et on golf channel
as someone well versed in job creation and the private sector if you lie on your resume you’re fired!
we need to secure our borders asap no games we must be smart tough and vigilant make america great again and make america strong again!
the 2a to our constitution is clear the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed upon
very true!
the addition of the iconic doral resort to the trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions
you have more followers than they do so true and am hopefully much smarter!
tmobile service is terrible! why cant you do something to improve it for your customers i dont want it in my buildings
if you decide to run i volunteer to run your southwest va campaign
trump is the man trump2016
but interestingly the same people seem to be lucky
with allies like egypt and libya who needs enemies?!
the election is trending towards americans know we cant afford another 4 years of the obama economic decline
sugar if you taught piers morgan he never would have won!
see sanders backed hillary on emails at the debate hurting himself and then she threw him under the bus but failed disloyal person!
remember this sunday i am also featured on at 8 pm right before the premiere of allstar likes me!
the people that don t like you just wish they were you! i adore you and your beautiful family! thanks l
campaigning in new hampshire hillary clinton says the us economy has stalled out
using alicia m in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that crooked hillary suffers from bad judgement! hillary was set up by a con
i find myself constantly thinking about momentum thks to you keep giving great advice we are listening ok
wow did great in the debate polls except for which i dont watch thank you!
serious doubt in illinois as to whether or not cruz can run for president first of many challenges
i will be commenting live on sunday night 9 to 11 on twitter celebrity apprentice will be great this season amazing cast!
last nights horrific executionstyle shootings of 12 dallas law enforcement officers
the debate was pretty even but i thought mitt should have been much more aggressive on obamas failed foreign policy and i mean much more
run for president i wanna deal maker in office
firing bret was a tough one for mebut omarosa doesnt seem to mind
via “donald trump republicans may be the worst negotiators in history”
thank you call me on my cellphone 9177568000 and listen to my campaign message
this is why i would think the unions would support for potus
you tell em trump! trump speaks the truth
the apprentice on the other hand has been a major television hit often times finishing 1 even now after 13 seasons it wins its slot!
you understand mccain is a rino senator who voters cant stand and whos over stayed his welcome?
im on every monday morning at 7 30
just announced an agreement in principle with south korea on korus! a great deal for american and korean workers let’s now focus on our important security relationship
nice mention by brian kelly conservative action alerts
i find myself respecting you more everyday!! 2016? thank you
great new poll thank you america! trump2016 imwithyou
thanks kelly
mexico is killing the united states economically because their leaders and negotiators are far smarter than ours but nobody beats trump!
president obama i have an idea! pretend that west africa is israel and then you will be able to stop the ebola area flights
president obamas approval rating at 38 is at an alltime low gee i wonder why?
wow! poll just came out 1 with 26! almost as importantly i am the strongest on economic issues by far! trump2016
people should be proud of the fact that i got obama to release his birth certificate which in a recent book he “miraculously” found
i dont care for stewart but do you ever shut up? i never give up!
thank you to our wonderful team and their families keep up the great work! usa🇺🇸
“you have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right” – think big
via by donald trump fires entire 2016 gop field
weakness cow towing and not standing firm is provocative we are getting pushed around and robbed under this president
never let yourself be pushed aroundbut treat the good folks great
i know you dont like to hear this but the biggest nights of the apprentice were far bigger than the biggest nights of mod fam
it will now start to cool down concerning sterling and the clippers this mess will start to fade after litigation into the murky past!
rt children race as looks on with and new york yankees legend mariano rivera they as they part…
the which is the lobbyist power for not imposing taxes on amazon today did a nasty cartoon attacking kids bad
rt the iran deal was one of the worst and most one sided transactions the united states has ever entered into
hi ethan
remember victims of hurricane sandy during thanksgiving many will not be celebrating the holiday in comforttheir lives are in turmoil!
run for prez donald!!! youll be great!! what america needs!!! save us from this marxist!!!! thank you
house gop wants to cut medicare obama took $500 billion from medicare for obamacare both wrong!
can you believe the republicans are studying the democrats on how to win an election?
not only a great show but whats forgotten is the worthy causes/charities being supported! great work being done thanks!
will be on fox and friends at 7 10 minutes enjoy!
via @ wsoctv “blair miller talks with donald trump about charlotte ventures”
poll and say that i beat both hillary and bernie and i havnt even started on them yet!
run for president win and handle it!
“everyones dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard”
congratulations to rex tillerson on being sworn in as our new secretary of state he will be a star!
words of wisdom from the pro himself!!!! inspiration!!!lt3 great!
was just named the most influential show in news ? you deserve it three great people! the many fake news hate shows should study your formula for success!
good!
great article by chris ruddy and jackies example
thank you oklahoma and virginia! makeamericagreatagain imwithyou
greatest country on earth the united states of america need a strong leader just like you! you are the best
ebola patient duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with ebola he knew he did and person died
donaldtrump donald trump helped out more than obama did with andrewtahmoorissi the 25k check was a wonderful gesture
now he has made his buseyism into a song celebapprentice
this is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised bypoliticians repub party is in trouble!
the dishonest media didnt mention that bernie sanders was very angry looking during crookeds speech he wishes he didnt make that deal!
china does not negotiate from a position of strength we simply negotiate against ourselves we have all the advantages but dont execute
fort hood shooting should be declared a terror attack respect the wounded and dead
will be doing fox and friends at 7 am 20 minutes enjoy!
“ i would like to extend my best wishes to all even the haters and losers on this special date september 11th”
one of the best moves i ever made was staying out of last decades artificial real estate boom but i used the downturn to my advantage
now that the election is over watch chrysler ship production to chinamy prediction
donald trump will always be mac millers best song no contest
thank you colorado springs if i’m elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our count…
arizona please get out today and vote for congress in az08 strong on border immigration and crime great on the military time is ticking down get out and vote today we need debbie in congress!
i will be on live with members of my family at 11 50 pm we will ring in the new year together! make america great again!
look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise find innovations approaches and practices that you could adapt in your field
republicans must be careful with immigration—don’t give our country away
“protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself – the art of the deal
tbt with
strangewhy didnt hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of obamacare?
why do all u haters follow trumppathetic good question!
my use of social media is not presidential it’s modern day presidential make america great again!
my twitter has become so powerful that i can actually make my enemies tell the truth
gen petraeus has agreed to testify in the senate on benghazi i will be watching
its embarrassing yet no one seems to know how to turn our country around a bunch of clueless leaders true!
look at the editorial i was just sent from the ny post on 9/14/01 3 days after collapse of wtc any apologies?
veterans please call 855 vets 352 or email address veterans to share your stories about the need to reform the va
work is fun deals are fun life is fun but love of a great family makes it all come together go out there and make your family proud
carly fiorina did such a horrible job at lucent and hp virtually destroying both companies that she never got another ceo job offer! pres
ive had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far thanks
on the fresh prince!! classic episode
excellent appearance on oreilly factor tonight the smart guy is what this country needs
if democrats do not start opposing obamacare and fast republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 far greater than any predictions!
wishing her well! she was awesome when she was on celebrity apprentice! very smart true!
belated congratulations to on winning the french open a great player and person!
doesnt give a fuck he just tells it like it is lol legend a very honest person thanks!
the make america great again agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the witch hunt many new jobs high business enthusiasm
the home of the boardroom celebapprentice
when will the unemployment numbers be corrected? sadly after the election!
watching for the first time ever love it so far!
based on the ovation last night from the letterman audience i believe it will be hard for obama to throw $5m down the drain
i say if obama is so set on universal background checks we run a background check on him very interesting
crowd gathers to hear trump speech in las vegas
a nurse in dallas who treated ebola patient thomas duncan was allowed to fly to clevelandshe should never have been so allowed! the real jv
i am a defender of who i think is a good person and not because she stays at my hotels but last nights outfit must go!
drives me crazy !!!!!! cant stand him please fire him asap!!!!
donaldhe couldnt go to thachers funeral??? am i the only one outraged??? no!
the apprentice was the 1 show on television last season on sunday from 10 to 11 congratulations donald!
dont forget next friday december 9th ill be signing my new book in trump tower from 11 am… cont
is one of the top media outlets in the country has revolutionized political commentary and reporting
so claims that birth certificate evokes controversy where cont
yoo and jayz on the runtour tickets are way to high they think everywhere got donald trump money 🙅🙅🙅🙅 not good
and voted against the massive tax cut bill he’s also weak on borders and crime sadly our great military and vets mean nothing to bobby jr lou barletta will win! maga
the world is laughing obama is a joke no hillary the sequel run donald please we need no nonsense leadership
thankshave fun!
as a favor to my friends at extra i am cohosting tonight at 7 pm on
man shot inside paris police station just announced that terror threat is at highest level germany is a total messbig crime get smart!
we need a wall not a rubio
with our border not being secure obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country an attack is on him
youre ties are fantastic
the 250 million dollar construction of trump nationsl doral is coming along great just left miami where i toured entire projectamazing!
went to doonbeg last year loved it!
love making correct predictions national review is over
tonight’s celebrityapprentice will continue to impress be sure to tune in tonight at 9 pm et it will be amazing
lots of people are asking whether or not i should have run for president—stay tuned for the answer
4 more years of hell until a new president comes into office i wish it was you
after spending $89 million is at the bottom of the barrel in polls he is ashamed to use the name bush in ads low energy guy!
i would like to wish all fathers even the haters and losers a very happy fathers day
rt “trump is putting the us back on top”
the appointment of the special counsel is totally unconstitutional! despite that we play the game because i unlike the democrats have done nothing wrong!
no you’re pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brother’s term when the world trade center was attacked and came down
good i want to see the court decide what i was always told natural born means born on american soil
thank you for your strength and wonderful words last night on but is easy to beat!
as the house intelligence committee has concluded there was no collusion between russia and the trump campaign as many are now finding out however there was tremendous leaking lying and corruption at the highest levels of the fbi justice and state draintheswamp
the world is playing everything right for trump! every day his points are proven
diligence is the mother of good luckbenjamin franklin
youre the only person who has any clue about our government! donaldforprez
nothing would make me prouder than to see mr trump in the oval office business would get done thanks and true
lance armstrong is now being sued by fed govtwhat was he thinkking?
rt where the hell is global warming when you need it? i dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the gop in 2016
got fired like a dog by fox the blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show i said no because he is irrelevant
wellyou would have the hottest first lady ever godspeed sir
keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house makeamericagreatagain trump2016
todays trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the republican candidates
mr trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in chicago you own a grand building sir!
watch the first trumpvine re anthony weiner
the washington post said i refer to jeff sessions as “mr magoo” and rod rosenstein as “mr peepers” this is “according to people with whom the president has spoken” there are no such people and don’t know these charactersjust more fake and disgusting news to create ill will!
if what everyone says is true trump will score huge if this is for publicity id trust trump
do you like lebron as a player and person? lebron is a great player and a great guy!
rt i hear churchill had a nice turn of phrase but trumps immigration speech is the most magnificent speech ever given
horrible advise to mitt romney made victory an impossibility dont blame mitt! now stevens cant get a job!
“developing your talent requires work and work creates luck” – trump never give up
everyone continues to pile onto donald but they can never take away our votes! thank you!
wowthat would certainly be interesting
via trump wins nashville grassroots straw poll with 52 percent
i hope you can go to and vote for donald trump in order to make america great again! thanks
thats right
i recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of congressional term limits i gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts draintheswamp
i will be interviewed on at 7 00 am and at 7 50 talking about my new book out today crippled america
hello mr trump i love and can not wait till it airs and 2 other faves!
very grateful for the 9o decision from the u s supreme court we must keep america safe!
hey man youre a big role model and my birthday is tomorrow just wondering if i could get a birthday tweet i admire you!
why is it that when warren buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit nobody cares but with me they go nuts!
here’s a great stat since january 2017 the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 19 million the american people are finally back to work!
of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day why do republican leaders deny what is going on? so naive!
why did democratic national committee turn down the dhs offer to protect against hacks long prior to election its all a big dem hoax!
how come snowden and obamacare have access to all records and information but dont have even the smallest tidbits on president obama?
because of the tornado tragedy i will not be doing tonight i wish everyone well!
you were fantastic on television this weekend thank you so much – you are a loyal friend!
great seeing you last night at record setting maralago republican event the crowd loved you!
ill be just like you one day you can do better than that!
you never speak well of me and yet when i saw you at fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture please share pic!
do you get to see the packages before going into the boardroom? not often!
no better place to celebrate new year’s eve than the most elite hotel in downtown nyc
if they had to say yes who would your first pick to be on the celebrity apprentice? the pope!
will be speaking with germany and france this morning
thank you to the 2500 in north augusta south carolina lines down the block! dont forget to vote on saturday!
donald trump just hit 60 million hits maybe i should go into a new business
just left the best golf course in the state of california when in the la area check it out even cont
this election is a total sham and a travesty we are not a democracy!
no one has worse judgement than hillary clinton corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes
among the lowest temperatures ever in much of the united states ice caps at record size changed name from global warming to climate change
hi donald genius
just finished theartofthedeal awesome book w/ great insight! thanks good luck
i went to wharton made over $8 billion employ thousands of people and get insulted by morons who can’t get enough of me on twitter!
the more you learn about the debt deal the worse it gets
thank you for being an inspiration for people like me! you define success! thank you! very nicethanks
i want to thank my for working tirelessly on behalf of our country 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead together we are delivering results and making america great again!
congratulations to on delivering a knock out speech last night america cant wait to call her our first lady
rt friends if you live in al ak ar co ga ma mn ok tn tx vt or va get out and vote on tuesday! trump2016
just purchased nbc’s half of the miss universe organization and settled all lawsuits against them now own 100 stay tuned!
the time magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgustingsad what time did to get noticed
i agree kevin seems to have what it takes and he seems very classy wasnt a fan b4 but am now
save your energy rex well do what has to be done!
great players in sports make the game fun to watch has continued to impress with another amazing season absolute professional
repeal and replace obamacare!
entrepreneurs see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level
love ivankas stylesimply classic and beautiful and very smart ddd kisses true!
have a great but very reflective president’s day!
and lets be honest you have some of the finest realestate on the planet! very true!
we love you and know you will do an awesome job! saw you in bethpage !! 👏👏👏 thank you
i told you whenever i go to a game the win
nice job this morning on foxabdfriends ! you have my vote not walker
many people still out of power in staten island absolutely ridiculous why cant they get service?
just got back from south carolina going to alabama tomorrow!
all 3 of the trump men are handsome! love watching celebapprentice!
fake made up a story that i wanted a tenfold increase in our us nuclear arsenal pure fiction made up to demean nbc cnn!
thank you wishing you and yours a happy new year too
i hope that you will be the next potus
it will be interesting to see what happens to eliot spitzer if he loses the election for comptroller to very capable
call today on at 5 pm est say hello and buy buy buy!
best ratings for the dateline show were for six months not two months!
thank you to the washington examiner and on the great article on winning!
serious todayhad to break out the tie for this deal today looks great!
poll trump beats clinton headtohead matchup thank you!
the new president of opec is mahmoud ahmadinejad’s confidant rostam ghasemi a commander of the revolutionar… cont
will lead the us delegation to india this fall supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally ges2017
someone i know has a child who had a seizure within minutes of a shot in drs office was autistic after
thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of thanks mark!
who was badly injured by an airplane was great on the today show!
via by “donald trump dont give obama fasttrack trade authority”
thank you michigan! votetrum pm itrump 35kasich 17cruz 12rubio 12carson 9 via arg
if someone knows they made a mistake and they apologize forgive them and move on but never trust them again by
your man little jon s? cant win hes not smart enough or quick enough!
some exciting news the newest acquisition of trump golftrump national golf club charlotte nc formerly the cont
is so disgusting in their bias but they are having a hard time promoting crooked hillary in light of the new email scandals
thanks suz for your comments
i am a handwriting analyst jack lew’s handwriting shows while strange that he is very secretive—not necessarily a bad thing
mr trump rocks i wish i had the money to play his great golf courses he epitomizes success work hard!
thank you for inviting me to the western conservative summit in colorado! imwithyou wcs16
believe the country is going to think when voting for our next president its about results thats why trump runs he wins
no not trademarked
response to the pope
watching the apprentice uk not as good as apprentice true!
george will said best debate he ever saw if you ever heard george will speakboring anything is exciting
rt so much fake news is being reported they don’t even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong they prom…
will be interviewed by on at 10 30 am
amy pascal of sony was totally used by rev al sharpton she should be fired for stupidity
the senate should get funding done before the august break or not go home wall and border security should be included also waiting for approval of almost 300 nominations worst in history democrats are doing everything possible to obstruct all they know how to do stay!
so much for hope and change has already spent over $100m on attack ads across the swing states
the boardroom is jaw dropping
how trump wonand how the media missed it
life always presents new opportunities you would never expect i hosted and then i starred in one which sold most ppvs
im glad to see you come out strong against sterling today typical trump a strong voice
rt what an awesome day in dc participating sports and fitness day with
cocktail time at trump turnberry
i watched this am re and dating she looks terrific better than ever any guy would be lucky to be with her
thank you new hampshire! makeamericagreatagain
democrat jon ossoff would be a disaster in congress very weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes say no
the dirty poll done by is a disgrace even they admit that many more democrats were polled other polls were good
obamas planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth
what are you waiting for? run! the country needs you! its now or never! we need leadership!
hillary said such nasty things about me read directly off her teleprompterbut there was no emotion no truth just cant read speeches!
also good to see not being drawn into independence debate either way trump turnberry is a winner
secretary of commerce wilbur ross will be speaking with representatives of the european union about eliminating the large tariffs and barriers they use against the usa not fair to our farmers and manufacturers
congratulations to on his new position as editoratlarge for the united states of my apprentice champ!
good ideas and hard work!
choose your own path it doesnt have to be the path less traveledwhat matters is that its the right one for you vince lombardi
i am at the saturday night live studio electricity all over the place we will be doing a tweeting skit so stay tuned!
trump2016 would be the best for the country jobs trade and taxes all others are status quo makeamericagreatagain
enter the contest stay at trump international hotel las vegas
herschel walker donald trump is my frontrunner for president via
via as seen on “trump iran nuke talks should have taken one day”
im a skeptical guy but i dont believe petraeus used this to get out of the benghazi hearings
thank you pennsylvania! together we are going to make america great again! watch here
i have brought millions of people into the republican party while the dems are going down establishment wants to kill this movement!
via “donald trump blasts beyoncé for suggestive super bowl show”
wrong a china court ordered to pay $60m to a chinese company that registered ipad before
people rarely say that many conservatives didn’t vote for mitt romney if i can get them to vote for me we win in a landslide
i was never one who looked at success as bad for me success was always good i loved it and still do donald trump
after raising w/ no obligation almost $6m for vets i couldnt believe protesters formed @ trump tower just out sent by crooked hillary!
via donald trump to surprise gop convention what might he do? answer something major!
join me on tuesday in greensboro north carolina! trump2016 americafirst
despite the upcoming election the cover of paperthin time magazine looks like an ad for the movie lincolnsad!
located in south ayrshire scotland offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion
32º in new york its freezing! where the hell is global warming when you need it?
more bush cronyism – “jeb bush and the common core money trail” it’s the bush way!
the emmys are all politics thats why despite nominations the apprentice never woneven though it should have many times over
negotiation tip view any conflict as an opportunity this will expand your mind as well as your horizons persistence can go a long way
good job mr trump the way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next us president! trump
donald trump backs apprentice randal pinkett for nj lieutenant governor
u r 1000 correct politicians cant fix problems politicians made the executive branch needs a real chief executive run!
it’s this simple “make america great again” debate bigleaguetruth
obamas 07 speech which just released not only shows that obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him
congratulations to the 7 properties who made best hotels list
obamacare does indeed ration care seniors are now restricted to comfort care instead of brain surgery repeal now!
rt praises president trump for making gang eradication a priority
looked at plans for trump doral country club today it will be amazing! glad to be in miami
wrong on all counts dopeyyou forgot to say taller than me!
trump supporters arent angry were smart ! were men / women / millennials / politically saavy
i will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business cabinet picks and all other topics of interest busy times!
you were a good friend to joan and i enjoyed the apprentice show with her thanks mr trump thank you
donald trump returns to the apprentice boardroom via
via donald trump ‘i am not doing this for fun’ we can’t fix us ‘unless we put right person’ in wh
“any political leader who won’t face the future head on is putting the american dream at risk” – the america we deserve
my facebook groups are all voting trump /4000 people! !! great!
4th now! david should have seen his interview with truly amazing
kick obamas ass and run for president already
i will be on at 8 pm tonight tune in!
our nation has a duty to care for our vets and their families its time to do it! let’s make america great again!
thank you for explaining to and and so many others that i am leading in almost all national and state polls
professional anarchists thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to make america great again!
the people of scotland have spoken—a great decision i wish well and look forward to playing golf with him at aberdeen!
i will be making a speech at 12 00 in fort worth texas really big crowd expected will be talking about the debate last nightplus plus!
check out gray lines site for the donald trump ride of fame
best speech given by @ freedomsummit sense says jeb/mitt
mike pompeo director of the cia will become our new secretary of state he will do a fantastic job! thank you to rex tillerson for his service! gina haspel will become the new director of the cia and the first woman so chosen congratulations to all!
presidential candidates are about to be trumped this will be a landslide the country is ready for a leader with results
based on new oil prices the ugly windfarms being built in scotland will quickly die! what a mess!
be concise
i wonder if has promised iran and china that he can be more flexible after his last election?
your my fav for 2016 thanks
via by “trump was benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister?”
im voting for you whether you officially run or not! trump for prez and christie for vp
my interview from last friday discussing the unemployment numbers gas prices and acquiring the doral
send his info to my office
entrepreneurs realize that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus nothing less
thanks brian and good luck
work begins on the old post office in washington dc in 3 months it will soon become one of the great hotels of the world
don king and so many other african americans who know me well and endorsed me would not have done so if they thought i was a racist!
leaving puerto rico now for dc will be in las vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects everyone is in my thoughts and prayers
we have spent over $1 billion on the libya operation what are we getting back?
its amazing how celebrities such as can say horrible untrue things about republican politicians and its cont
did an excellent job as debate moderator last night i only wish mitt was more aggressive!
this week’s allstar celebrity features another memorable board room rumble between and
president obama do not attack syria there is no upside and tremendous downside save your powder for another and more important day!
watched crooked hillary clinton and tim kaine on 60 minutes no way they are going to fix americas problems isis and all others laughing!
great and we should boycott fake news cnn dealing with them is a total waste of time!
first time in the fabled trumphotel toronto concierge was amazing and experience is the right word thx
the habitual vacationer is now in hawaii this vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion while there is 20 unemployment
i would support you if you were going to get in the race thanks
if i run i will be in all the primary debates and you will see why i am the only one who can make america great again!
please run for presidentwe need your help get in there and fire those aholesyour a legend business man and love america
i had a great weekend with you and your family you have done a fantastic job trump towermoscow is next emin was wow!
america needs to hear the truth keep it up mr trump you can help us make america great again never give up
the 2 people i am most excited to hear speak on thrursday at is and dcbound thanks
so many people don’t understand i am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time
the sp downgrade is a direct result of increased reckless budget spending and obama care he owns this
only a reagan or a trumplike figure in the white house will achieve this goal
dem debate message summary more free handouts they will be voting in droves we need to get out and vote trump big time!
democrats refused to vote down their obamacare subsidy while americans will be hit w/ rising premiums washington won’t feel any pain
now the chinese are hacking and twitter when will we hold these thieves accountable?
nycs top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the muslim community vigilance keeps us cont
excited to be travelling to new hampshire on monday the granite state is a model for the country live free or die!
sad cause my wife and i checked out of today after 4 amazing days happy cause were planning our return visit!
i told you so!
i just dont know why some of these nfl teams with lousy quarterbacks dont give tim tebow a chance what do they have to lose?
rt today and melania visit the at the lake worth inlet station in riviera beach florid…
please fire shes rude and classless celebrityapprentice
another crooked hillary fan!
gas prices are going up big league—i told you so—payback to opec!
new ad concerning lightweight senator marco rubio
wow even i didn’t realize we did so much wish the fake news would report! thank you
“the fbi closed the case on hillary which was a rigged investigation they exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her they never even put her under oath” and much more so true jesse!
fyi will make a excellent president he has what it takes to turn this county around he is donald trump for a reason
on my way to des moines iowa will see you soon with join us! tickets thankyoutour2016
your upgrade has been granted and noted by the front desk have a wonderful time at trump international las vegas
youre a huge douche for picking penn i hope you retweet this i picked trace not penn are you drugged
we need your help donald! make us great again!
youre damn right we want the truthweve been lied to 4 years and weve had it trump2016
they call it climate change now because the words global warming didnt work anymore same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
a total mess!
pastor robert jeffres accurately gushes about donald trump pastor jeffres is a great guy!
have you written anything torwards young adults/college students on how to be successful? think like a champion is a good start
hes no churchill he might not even be jimmy carter!
successbytrump exclusively available has set sale records for fastest selling cologne makes a great gift
get out and vote! i am your voice and i will fight for you! we will make america great again!
i love you and i think youre funny sooooo sweet thanks!
got my vote! need a real leader n a business man! no more corrupt politicians
i hope you will consider buying back the trump plaza and taj returning them to the great places they once were will take a hard look
morningjoe surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol operative?
the g20summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by chancellor angela merkel thank you!
beautiful evening with religious leaders here at the wh last night join us now for a nationaldayofprayer live …
i do not know the reporter for the or what he looks like i was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago!
stop fibbing trump you have nothing to do with uk show ur name isnt on the credits! just profits
the feds reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation
with eleven republican candidates running in georgia on tuesday for congress a runoff will be a win vote r for lower taxes and safety!
donald trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is so true!
rt head of the nypd union slams mayor de blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop miosotis familia
this guy can’t do a simple interview—saw him the other night stumbling and mumbling while trying to interview a guest
trump national golf club bedminster new jersey has courses designed by tom fazio and 16 acres of practice facilities
27 days until americas greatest test since our founding in this election we decide whether we become great again
hay mr trump! youre my rolemodeland i love your showcelebrity apprentice thanks!
thank you so much earnest must have been a great person
this is the best celebrity apprentice all season love someone else is getting fired!!!
visiting la? be sure to make a reservation at trump national golf club the 1 public course in the country!
millions of $s of false ads paid for by lobbyistsspecial interests of cheater and sleepy are now running in sc
nothing ever happened with any of these women totally made up nonsense to steal the election nobody has more respect for women than me!
opec is ripping us off on oil we are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy solyndra
very common among celebrities and people of wealth in this case it is in full force and effect and will be used in arbitration for damages against ms clifford daniels the agreement was used to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by her about an affair
has charles ever apologized for being so totally wrong on iraq? i called it right in every way—make america great again!
put the glamour beauty and mystery back in the oscars and the ratings will zoom also and most importantly the oscars need credibility
the failing wall street journal should fire both its pollster and its editorial board seldom has a paper been so wrongtotally biased!
doing fox and friends at 7 am
stop the china curse pass the chinese currency bill!
marco rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech!
remember when the two failed presidential candidates lindsey graham and jeb bush signed a binding pledge? they broke the deal no honor!
happynewyearamerica!
why does always have to rely on teleprompters?
via by donald trump msm investigation into scott walker’s college a ‘double standard’
‘now cut off my mic!’ bongino refuses to be bullied by don lemon over trump 2nd amendment – heated!
clearly you are a master of marketing and business success
its thursday and only 26 days until the election how many illegal donations from china and saudi arabia did obama collect today?
thanks for nice comments over weekend re turnberry you and your husband have fantastic taste! also great commentary
recently said that she can’t be wooed by trump she is so average in every way who the hell wants to woo her!
i missed the pga championship because it was not broadcast by timewarner why aren’t they giving subscribers major discounts?
african nations r restricting air travel from each otheris that racist?
i had a great day campaigning in connecticut looking for a big vote on tuesday!
i cannot believe that apple didnt come out with a larger screen iphone samsung is stealing their business steve jobs is spinning in grave
some lowlife journalist claims that i made a pass at her 29 years ago never happened! like the story which has become a joke!
instead of driving jobs and wealth away america will become the worlds great magnet for innovation and job creati…
seth meyers lame act proving correct emmys are almost unwatchable
i survive on bread water and essential tweets great!
sadly true!
rt makeamericagreatagain!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
even if its only 4 years be president and fix this countries economy
“sally yates is part of concerns people have raised about bias in the justice dept i find her actions to be really quite unbelievable” jonathan turley
certain people are ruining their reputations tonightreally sad! oscars
send some ties to eric bolling he needs them is this so?
failed candidate mitt romneywho ran one of the worst races in presidential historyis working with the establishment to bury a big r win!
is my role model on everything🙌
my honor!
thanks eddie i really appreciate your nice words!
by the end of this year china will be the number one economic power on earth and the us will owe 20 trillion dollars much of it to china!
politicians are all talk and no action washington can only be fixed by an outsider let’s make america great again!
america wants trump
please run for president we need someone to save our country!
to jamie dimon—i love kicking lightweight ass stop settling and fight!
good goal
2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under graydon carter disaster!
its not that im so smart its just that i stay with problems longer some good words from albert einstein it pays to be tenacious
the united states needs donald trump go don
we are making tremendous progress with the v a there has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started we love our vets!
ivanka and joan rivers will be working hard tonight at the live finale everybody must watch the opening at 9
by the time youre done everyone will be wearing a trump tie
federal judge in maryland has just ruled that “president trump has the right to end daca” president obama had 8 years to fix this problem and didn’t i am waiting for the dems they are running for the hills!
excellent jobs numbers just released and i have only just begun many job stifling regulations continue to fall movement back to usa!
based on the shoots which silent film do you think will be better? celebapprentice
entrepreneurs dont put blinders on or limit yourself reach out seek and explore the opportunities are always there
run run! oreillyfactor
is he running? if he is might as well not even run
my int with on atlantic city philadelphia’s real estate market and 2014 2016 elections
via trump’s new course plans on display
rt rt its why he failed originally and will fail again its called disloyal!
rt finally as if by accident the breaks down and admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht…
ted cruz is mathematically out of winning the race now all he can do is be a spoiler never a nice thing to do i will beat hillary!
praying that you will consider running for president you understand business and know how to negotiate tump4prez
only 40 hours? just kidding
it is a very effective and commonly used business tool
is the man so true!
via donald trump speaks in novimichigan draws recordbreaking crowd
if our border is not secure we can expect another attack a country with open borders is open to the terrorists
sorry graydon carter is a major loser just ask his wife!
watching biased charles a flunky who didnt know that i won every debate in particular the last one check polls!
ill bet jimmy fallon gets great ratings tonight!
joint press conference with prime minister saad hariri of lebanon beginning shortly join us live!➡️
my desktop in the office thanks!
as we told the i was asked to speak at the rnc but said no because i will be doing something much biggerjust watch!
the nra in nashville today was amazing packed house and standing ovation for trump thanks!
read about how this hotel came into being in my book “never give up”—it’s quite a story celebapprentice
reason i canceled my trip to london is that i am not a big fan of the obama administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in london for “peanuts” only to build a new one in an off location for 12 billion dollars bad deal wanted me to cut ribbonno!
and me at the this morning
this week the senate can join the house and take a strong stand for the middle class families who are the backbone of america together we will give the american people a big beautiful christmas presenta massive tax cut that lets americans keep more of their hardearned money!
how many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the afghanis they are training? lets get the hell out of there and focus on us
again illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman get them out and build a wall!
macys ships to canada! just go to
it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it douglas macarthur
save our nation tell the gop leadership?! to shut up and go home
i thought people weren’t celebrating? they were cheering all over even this savage from orlando i was right
great day in dc with and republican leadership things working out really well! trump2016
telling it like it is on fox news right now mexico is spitting in obamas face and he does nothing legend
i am watching two clown announcers on as they try to build up failed presidential candidate littlemarco fox news is in the bag!
is a total whack job who doesnt have a clue dont provoke the enemy go get them and make them pay no signals just do it!
muhammad ali is dead at 74! a truly great champion and a wonderful guy he will be missed by all!
steven spielberg is a great filmmaker go see lincoln
is a total phony and con man when i wouldnt give him free hotel rooms and much more he endorsed cruz
thank youalways a good thought
why is it that the wall street journal though well meaning never mentions the unfairness of the tariffs routinely charged against the us by other countries or the many billions of dollars that the tariffs we are now charging are and will be pouring into us coffers?
just watched facebook coo sheryl sandberg on 60 minutes she should spend more time trying to get the f stock price up and less on her ego!
via by james q lynch “trump to run typical caucus campaign ‘but bigger’”
cant wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in sarasota and tampa! hey we did build it!
our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with north korea for 25 years giving billions of dollars and getting nothing policy didnt work!
should not passbad deal!
our president could not make a proper website with $5b the website still does not work how can we feel safe about ebola?!
people are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting fake news is viewers beware may be worse than even
only a fool would buy the loses fortune and has zero gravitas let it die!
is so intimidating! i would never wanna be on his bad side!! hes still basically a king tho
what a foolish move by to speak in boston yesterday! completely outmaneuvered by the campaign
rt our thoughts and prayers are with the families friends and colleagues of virginias lt cullen and tpr bates charlot…
with the world’s top amenities luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate toronto lifestyle
located in tribeca each hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower manhattan
looking forward to meeting with prime minister shortly peace in the middle east would be a truly great legacy for all people!
2016 will hopefully be the year of the donald! thanks
just bought the art of the deal cant wait to read this 👌 great!
we have all been following the wisconsin recall election victory tonight will be wellearned a governor who gets results
your charisma confidence leadership and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs trump2016
my thoughts on the republican party in todays trumpvlog
working hard on the biggest tax cut in us history great support from so many sides big winners will be the middle class business and jobs
agreed
i will be interviewed tonight on by at 9 pm e enjoy!
time to throw your hat in the ring mr trump currently we have a liar a repeat overzealous tea partier some govsblah
no matter how good the replacement refs do they will be soundly criticizedthey cant win!
storm turned hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected federal government is on site and ready to respond be safe!
celebrityapprentice is the best reality show on tv this season was worth the wait! now run for president mr trump!
im calling it for jason day he probably just blew it!
our national debt has grown by 30 and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under he is a disaster
you will be the next president of the usa!! thank you mr trump sincerely the middle class!!
will be at venue in wonderful south carolina very soon big traffic backup tremendous crowd! will be wild
mr trump youre the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!
one of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is a totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts
happyindependenceday usa🇺🇸
i am not available to be in new movie roadhardbitly/roadhardmovie
russia should hand over snowden to the us but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders
sunday 9 pm 11 pm on nbc is the best tv of the weeklove the show mr trump celebapprentice thanks!
thanks mark they will!
welcome to clare! thank you!
iran is rapidly taking over more and more of iraq even after the us has squandered three trillion dollars there obvious long ago!
lithium ion batteries should not be allowed to be used in aircraft i wont fly on the boeing 787 dreamliner it uses those batteries
via by “donald trump morally unfair to use soldiers in ebola fight”
biggest tax bill and tax cuts in history just passed in the senate now these great republicans will be going for final passage thank you to house and senate republicans for your hard work and commitment!
donald trump and his son eric trump do massive amount of charity thank you!
youre the type of guy we need in the white house you want to see the usa at the top
tbt with tommy lee jones at maralago
isn’t it amazing that paid a massive fine for profiling african americansamp then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration!
if you want more you have to require more from yourself dr phil mcgraw
watching now! great! always true to his word and the usa! a real leader! so nice to hear!!!
china owes us money trumpvlog
i agree with donald trump mitt should not run again hannity
supreme court pick economic enthusiasm deregulation and so much more have driven the trump base even closer together will never change!
i cannot imagine that these very fine republican senators would allow the american people to suffer a broken obamacare any longer!
thank you christian broadcasting network
the republicans should not give the authority to raise the debt another $12trillion cont
if ted cruz is so opposed to gay marriage why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage?
would you please run for president? people respect you!!! and know you dont play around!
celebapprentice is one of my fav shows!!! wanna live tweet tmrw night? datenight
im the one person who can make this country great again nobody else can
…in other words secy john kerry is so out of his element…
weekly address from
am in bedminster for meetings and press conference on va and all that we have done and are doing to make it betterbut charlottesville sad!
he’s back and causing more trouble than ever before! returns in the record 13th season of ‘all star’
our united states team has arrived in north korea to make arrangements for the summit between kim jong un and myself i truly believe north korea has brilliant potential and will be a great economic and financial nation one day kim jong un agrees with me on this it will happen!
the kate steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected obama border always committing crimes and being violent and yet this info was not used in court his exoneration is a complete travesty of justice build the wall!
rt exclusive how donald trumps 30 million followers are crashing the internet
your dad is awesome he should run for president he could raise the country like he raised his kids and wow
if you had one piece of advice for obama what would it be? to resign from office!
no one could run our country better lt3
it is so important to audit the federal reserve and yet ted cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done
awarded the prestigious 2014 5star guide is located in beautiful downtown toronto
latinos for trump believes in trump
i promise you that im much smarter than jonathan leibowitz i mean jon stewart who by the way is totally overrated
a great place!
the greatest threat to our security is our debt it is already past 100 gdp we need to make real budget cuts
my sons don and eric are right now at doonbeg in ireland there will be nothing like it!
speech transcript at arab islamic american summit ➡️ ➡️ potusabroad
thank you jacob!
trump’s big announcement he’ll give $5 million to charity of obama’s choice if by
donaldtrump and his running mate to appear on 60minutes in first joint interview cbs
great job on this week! way to stick it to the liberal media
the failing talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened their reporting is fiction the media protects hillary!
me too@ a great place
came to my trump tower office to apologize for calling me a racistvery nice apology accepted!
thanks colin
just the beginning!
have fun enjoy nyc
vote today! go to to find your polling location we are going to make america great again!…
the organized group of people many of them thugs who shut down our first amendment rights in chicago have totally energized america!
the must fight harder for the american worker china and many others are taking advantage of us with our terrible trade pacts
wow new polls just out have trump up and cruz down he is a nervous wreck!
congratulations to our new miss usa the beautiful rima fakih rima will represent us well at miss universe and be a wonderful miss usa
thankyoutour2016 tue west allis wi thur hershey pa fri orlando fl sat mobile al tickets …
i dont like the opening even a little bit!
tellen it like it is such a genius!!!!
this is dangerous is seeking to shrink israeli military funding but gives $13billion to muslim cont
for potus 2016
ive been visiting trump intl golf links scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world spectacular!
trump national hudson valley is a gorgeous course amazing improvements thx
today is a day that i’ve been looking very much forward to all year long it is one that you have heard me speak about many times before now as president of the united states it is my tremendous honor to finally wish america and the world a very merry christmas!
why isn’t disgraced fbi official andrew mccabe being investigated for the $700000 crooked hillary democrats in virginia led by clinton best friend terry m under fbi investigation that they killed gave to mccabe’s wife in her run for office? then dropped case on clinton!
id vote for in 2016 thanks
whether you like it or not the russians did a great job in hosting the olympics! remember when obama went to europe to get olympicsfourth
truth look to southern california ugly white poles with bird killing fans
sorry sucker as usual you lose again you couldnt work for me for 10 seconds bad critic great sign
afghani soldiersthose on our sidekilled 7 marines last month they dont want us what cont
entrepreneurs be curious discovery breeds discovery just as success breeds success dont sell yourself short
isnt it amazing that the us and nsa can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but cant get os records!
very nicethanks again
a great day in both spencer and davenport iowa! thank you for the support! trump2016 fitn iapolitics
shock! obamacare will cost double what promised over $176 and result cont
the independent watchdog who exonerated for the failed green energy loans just donated $52500 to obamas campaign
our legal system is broken! 77 of refugees allowed into us since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries wt so dangerous!
young entrepreneurs – remember quality and results are the key metrics to success
our wonderful future vp mike pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of hamilton cameras blazingthis should not happen!
rt former president obamas $400k wall street speech stuns liberal base sen warren saying she was troubled by that http…
i am hearing that digital director is doing great work expanding and modernizing social media good – we need it
he could be blackmailed while in power to cover up this crap thats why its a big deal
one of my idols a geeat compliment thank you!
new hairstyle for donald trump? we think it looks great all slicked back! alsicebucketchallenge maybe i will do it somedaythx!
no surprise with the talk of amnesty in dc illegal immigration is picking up in arizona
afghanistans so called leader karzai is toying with the us
just announce already stay tuned
problem with is not their message it’s that they are incapable of controlling the message
im giving away money! 11am trump tower be there or be left behind!
if my offer is refused every undecided oh voter will be fully aware that obama denied $5m to charity all because he is hiding something!
we are building chinas wealth by buying all their products even though we make better products in america
goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native american is a lowlife!
u mr trump cold be the next ronald reagan but u need to seriously announce your candidacy! will you? watch!
great news on the 2018 budget mcconnell first step toward delivering massive tax cuts for the american people! taxreform
congratulations to the philadelphia eagles on a great super bowl victory!
thank you illinois! supertuesday makeamericagreatagain trump2016
fire at trump tower is out very confined well built building firemen and women did a great job thank you!
beautiful and touching tribute! ahhh she is so missed!
i would endorse in a presidential run and would guarantee he could create fast economic growth in a yearthx
the migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak and ineffective us immigration laws are yet democrats like jon tester continue to support the open borders agenda – tester even voted to protect sanctuary cities we need lawmakers who will put america first
macys sales are declining their stock is downgraded maybe not the best time to spit on half of america
no common sense in washington
from donald trump i saw lady gaga last night and she was fantastic!
big meeting today with republican leadership concerning tax cuts and healthcare we are all pushing hard must get it right!
obviously amateur hour at the wh obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so
i most definitely agree with you such an inspiration you are thanks and work hard and smart!
sad our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of spain we must do better or we will be greece
if you would listen to his words you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians
your hair is magnificent dont let anyone tell you otherwise what a nice guy!
join me in council bluffs iowa today at 3 pm ! makeamericagreatagain tickets
the fake news of big ratings loser cnn
theyll repay us by giving us higher gas prices! true!
thank you for the nice comments on today great job!
donald thank you for raising millions for charity on your show!
i hope its kate i dont want to look at her again on this show or any other sorry
“i’m going to invest a lot of money in ireland” tells news talks ntfm
noratings will soon be off tv bad ratings he has a face made for radio
every day mexico continues to hold sgt tahmooressi is an insult to our country
saying goodbye to some of my great workers at in miami
america needs donald trump lets put our country back on top in 2016!!
what is your favorite film? tonights short film? point break? lethal weapon? celebapprentice
i appreciate everything youve done in my lifetime thank you justin!
tell um to get out the check book donald believe me i would!
i will be on tomorrow morning at 700 will be talking about sleazebag jonathan gruber americans are stupid and exec order
waste! with a $16t debt and $1t budget deficit is sending $770m overseas to fight global warming
we are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in burlington iowa tomorrow! makeamericagreatagain see you there!
2016 republican primary morning consult poll was just released trump 32 carson 12 bush 11 fiorina 6 rubio 5 cruz 5 taken after debate
congratulations on your engagement he is a lucky guy you are a true winner and will be an amazing couple
there are no buyers for the worthless but little mort zuckerman is frantically looking it is bleeding red ink a total loser!
hillaryclinton can illegally get the questions to the debate and delete 33000 emails but my son don is being scorned by the fake news media?
the bay bridge in san francisco is being built by the chinesetremendous cost overruns a total mess we should build our own bridges etc
thanks many are saying im the best 140 character writer in the world its easy when its fun
arctic ice extent highest in a decade via
at the request of the governor of texas i have signed the disaster proclamation which unleashes the full force of government help!
live from new york november 7th!
best buildilng and service
hillary clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions let us all see what happens!
its almost like the united states has no president we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster good luck everyone!
pence is so prepared! he did his homework to outperform kaine
what a night! 10000 amazing supporters in greenville south carolina! thank you!vote on saturday! votetrumpsc
also cant help but notice the stock markets reaction as was speaking upupup
donaldtrump please dont mess with us again please run and dont change your mind we need you
the failing reporters dont even call us anymore they just write whatever they want to write making up sources along the way!
they should realize that these relationships are a good thing not a bad thing the us is being respected again watch trade!
the entire cast will be back for the live finale of monday night at 8 pm
im surprised didnt quote all of hopefully in june they will be quoting you right! trump2016
mike and mike in one minute!
entrepreneurs keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunites and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
the american people agree no free pass for crookedhillary!
congratulations andre you deserve it!
no surprise is failing on ratings“malcontent and another season is out of the question
every city in the us would be like dubai if you were president
i was relentless because more often than you would think sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure never give up!
the recovery us unemployment is 91 us underemployment is 191 businesses wont hire under obama
happy birthday shane
in just out book secret service agent gary byrne doesnt believe that crooked hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president!
can you conquer the blue monster? book a tee time right here
trump something ‘mentally wrong’ with weiner via by
not gonna lie is my idol great!
with yod.c.otus wed probably have a $600000000 surplus! trump2016
a day after released a trillion dollar budget deficit he is hosting chinas future leader vp xijinping americas new reality
rt live joint statement by president trump and prime minister shinzo abe
great job on greta tonight! i am a huge fan and you really inspire me! thank you
this sunday at 9/8c the real playoffs begin with the premiere of game on in the boardroom
entrepreneurs gain and use information to your advantagesee every day as an opportunity to learn
via “donald trump dont mess up name ive seen him go crazy at people”
big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas while our people are far more vulnerable as we wait for what should be easy d!
crippled america is the perfect gift for friends and family order signed copy and join me at 7 30 pm live streaming!
it was an honor to be with the night he clinched the nomination he will defeat and be a tremendous potus
very thankful for president xi of china’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriersalso his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers we will make great progress together!
shocker study reveals that is completely biased while is factual what a surprise!
wow ted cruz got booed off the stage didnt honor the pledge! i saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway no big deal!
when is trumpnationaldoral scheduled to b completed? cant wait 2 see da choppa in march very soon!
i know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self !
thank you andrew so correct!
it’s a shame the ruling class of republicans don’t attack obama and the democrats the way they hit senators cruz and lee
when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies? timetogettough
you will always be one of my idols!! thank you
interview with on fox network 4 00 pm prior to super bowl enjoy!
my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee i guess the word must finally be getting outand having an impact
great basketball game going on right now!
we need you in the white house straighten out all the mess set them straight watch
jesse watters “the only thing trump obstructed was hillary getting to the white house” so true!
best episode of hannity ive seen in awhile thanks to your interview sir run mr trump runnnn!
at the request of many i will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate
thank you marco i agree!
this is the best reaction shot ive ever seen lol trump2016
reptom marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar tom is a fine man and a great congressman!
youre not really smart mr trump youre an fing genius! iq tests confirm!
rick perry failed at the border now he is critical of me he needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants
the apprentice will be great!
aspirin gets the best press of almost anything i can think offact or great pr?
legendary illusionist v country music star this sunday’s live finale of is a historic matchup must see tv!
is a president to get excited about!!! 2016!!!
if the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
no no no gosselin has go to go
general says that the armed forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control
i bought tim tebows jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause fighting breast cancer
the media must denigrate isis at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it these are low level degenerates not masterminds!
how is it even possible to recover from 17trillion in debt? with greatleadership it is easy!
take a look at and to see these beautiful hotels
last night was the first time obama said we instead of i in respect to bin ladens killing
brilliant! thank you!
coach w to his basketball players be quick but dont hurry!
sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make donald trump 0306 07 45
how does frumpy and little read editorial writer gail collins keep her job? she is totally irrelevant!
the democrats want to shut down the government over amnesty for all and border security the biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding military at a time we need it more than ever we need a merit based system of immigration and we need it now! no more dangerous lottery
trump university was exceptionally highly rated get the facts straight!
great to be in new york for the day heading back to the now lots of work to be done!
donald you rock! theartofthedeal changed me forever thanks that is really great news congrats!
all donald trump knows how to do is win! go trump 2016! i do love winning!
never thought id say this but mr trump ur right!
youre responding to everyone else but me don😢💔 not anymore nicole thanks
yes!
if donald trump isnt my president by 2017 im gettin the hk outta here! makeamericagreatagain
give credit where it is due nyc voters chose correctly
draintheswamp
flying to new hampshire to keynote the first amendment award ceremony always great to visit the granite state!
women love trump trumps execs predominantly female women4trump
we will follow two simple rules buy american and hire american! inaugurationday maga🇺🇸
we need a true leader to guide this great nation will you please answer the call? you have my vote thank you
trump on jobs pls rt
your course stood tall last week you should be proud not to many places can stand up to those big boys!
massive increases of obamacare will take place this year and dems are to blame for the mess it will fall of its own weight be careful!
votetrum pm s! trump2016
obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years democrats don’t even vote them in congress he has failed to lead!
entrepreneurs knowledge requires patience action requires courage put patience and courage together and youll be a winner
cant wait for the apprentice to be back favshow
if michael bloomberg ran again for mayor of new york he wouldnt get 10 of the vote they would run him out of town! neverhillary
really bad news just announced concerning jobs far fewer jobs created in august than anticipated interest rates therefore to remain low
thank you sean mcgarvey and the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak nabtu2017…
thank you governor americafirst debates2016
a good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination nelson mandela
mr trump some of these losers just dont get it they need to look at why your on top
it’s tuesday how much has china stolen from us today through cyber espionage?
via by donald trump praises as strong vibrant in return
sir! thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues
president obama we need to protect our closest ally israel the situation in the middle east is at a tipping point
youre the man mr trump
crazy dennis rodman is saying i wanted to go to north korea with him never discussed no interest last place on earth i want to go to
the fake news is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! such hatred!
biggest story today between clapper and yates is on surveillance why doesnt the media report on this? fake news !
rt good morning friends! the swamp out today president trump has a copy get yours here maga…
jared kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the russians witch hunt next up 11 year old barron trump!
if you can’t see it it will never happen bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work that will build momentum
great strategic and policy ceo forum today with my cabinet secretaries and top ceos from around the united states…
the budget agreement today is so important for our great military it ends the dangerous sequester and gives secretary mattis what he needs to keep america great republicans and democrats must support our troops and support this bill!
has a much higher iq than idiot john stewart thats true and by a lot
i will be doing this morning at around 7 00 likewise i will be doing at around 7 00 figure it out!
mr trump nailed it! wow after doubts economists find china kills us factory jobs
i was on cnn yesterday
when will you anounce your running for presedent? thousands milllions have baited breath we need you!
thank you washington! honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in gop primary history
i have offered daca a wonderful deal including a doubling in the number of recipients and a twelve year pathway to citizenship for two reasons 1 because the republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem 2 to show that democrats do not want to solve daca only use it!
i have been hitting obama and crooked hillary hard on not using the term radical islamic terror hillary just brokesaid she would now use!
watch listen and learn you cant know it all yourself anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity donald trump
twitlonger betaamerica became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of selfreliance timetogettough cont
rt when you kneel for our nationalanthem you arent protesting a specific issue you are protesting our nation and everyth…
because he paid me far more than it was worth!
nyc is under constant threat from jihadists and violent criminals stop and frisk keeps streets and subways safestand strong ray kelly
when will dubai be complete? under construction nowcompletion in two years!
job on solyndra you are some extremely skilled venture capitalist stick to the memoirs and speeches
must read article on obamas illegal fundraising from abroad foreign candidate getting foreign donations
i watched the last two minutes of the game last night i just loved watching them lose
just spoke to to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible humboldt team tragedy may god be with them all!
wow 30000 emails were deleted by crooked hillary clinton she said they had to do with a wedding reception liar! how can she run?
without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing donald trump quote
obamacare will increase individual market premiums by 99 for men and 62 for women defund!! makedclisten
a lot changed when david letterman said he was probably born in this country the word probably is a total disaster for obama
looking forward 2it one week from 2nite look 4ward 2 joanrivers tribute to!
he is a damn good businessman and a wise investor id say hed run a great team
i couldnt agree more with about the nfl becoming the no fun league im glad someone finally came out and said it!
happy veterans day to those who have served thank you for your special work
rt trust in the media is at the lowest level in all of us history the american people see throu…
im back following and my twitter life just got better! presidentoftweet great
remember when jeb gave hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of benghazi?! guess he would have invaded libya too!
watch obamas favorability numbers drop even further if he doesnt accept my charitable offer no one approves cont
congress now has 6 months to legalize daca something the obama administration was unable to do if they cant i will revisit this issue!
i love taking lawsuits all the way when i’m right is finding that out the hard way!
very fair interview!
cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan only you can really make america great again trump2016
i loved firing goofball atheist penn on the apprentice he never had a chance wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness
losers and haterseven yod.c.ow and dumb as you are can learn from watching apprentice and checking out my tweetsyou can still succeed!
the people of ireland have been so great about my purchase of doonbeg ill be there soon
thank you to for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on
part of obama’s newfound confidence is that the republicans aren’t using their power of ideas properly or effectively
benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists congratulations to the obama administration
never forget our heroes held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their countryproclamation
you have no chance!
i along with almost everyone else have so little confidence in president obama he has a horrible attitudea man who is resigned to defeat
is president obama going to finally mention the words radical islamic terrorism? if he doesnt he should immediately resign in disgrace!
reports are out there that many ceos of charities are getting overpaid while their causes are seeing very little
thank you attorney general gonzales so many people feel this way
open for the 2014 season maralago club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world
ya hit it out of the park preztrump from a canadian yourhired thanks!
“ wow just rated the renovation of the blue monster the best of the year just played it today it was great
join me in denver colorado tonight at 9 30 pm scranton pennsylvania monday @ 5 30 pm
no matter the mission the brave men and women of our proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365 thank you and happy birthday! cg227🇺🇸
a talk show would be the perfect arena for you mr trump ratings would soar through the roof! but no time!
our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next seasons our fans will be pleased
thank you to the governor of florida rick scott for your endorsement i greatly appreciate your support!
thank you congressman steven palazzo!
great vibe
watch my live book signing now!
wish obama would say isis like almost everyone else rather than isil
trump is so important that every time hes makes a decision its good for the economy
really looking forward to watching the masters this weekend one of the greatest shows on earth!
makeamericagreatagain
in the center of ireland’s rugged west coast offers a beautiful golf course top dining and a spa
when you die in 4 or 5 years the world will be a better place i know i will make it that way!
gov referred to the republicans as “the stupid party” now he has given dems a phrase to use
team power spielberg? let’s find out celebapprentice
you are always many steps ahead of the game! thank you
under president trump unemployment rate will drop below 4 analysts predict economic boom for 2018! and
“youre never a loser until you quit trying” mike ditka
if bernie sanders after seeing the just released emails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the same
while obama vacationsgolfs attends parties and jazz concerts isis is chopping heads off of journalists
my interview discussing building a cemetery next to trump national the fl primary and opec
sun sentinel says rubio lacks the experience work ethic and gravitas needed to be president he has not earned your vote!
obama “i will destroy isis” obama “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan”
entrepreneurs stay focused and be tenacious remain fixed on your goals
i like doing this once a month for the haters and losers and as they knowi dont wear a wig some may not like my hairstyle but all mine
there is no one better to represent the people of ny and staten island a place i know very well than who is strong on borders and crime loves our military and our vets voted for tax cuts and is helping me to make america great again dan has my full endorsement!
is right—the republicans lost because they weren’t conservative enough—or tough enough
colorado trump delegates scratched from ballots at gop convention
a poll of the miamidade was conclusively in favor of gambling in miami
roger goodell of nfl just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our countrytell them to stand!
jennifer aniston is engagedshes a great person and i wish her well
i was never a fan of bush in fact he was so bad he gave us obama! but obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president cant get any worse
lightweight is pushing for the moreland commission to be disbanded immediately—because he is being looked at!
true inspiration to many people including myself striveforgreatness
nice column by bill donahue head of catholic league hes a blue collar new yorker and gets it
the one who talks much does nothing except make 10 billion dollars go get a job dumbass!
always nice to see the terrific at the wwehof
of course the australians have better healthcare than we do everybody does obamacare is dead! but our healthcare will soon be great
the coolest story is that john beale the man who headed up climate change for the government is a proven con man and total phoneyarrested
trump administration seen as more truthful than news media
a lions list of democrats are not attending dnc convention the democratic party is in turmoil
excited that amy kremer has endorsed the news maxiontv debate the tea party express is a great group
ive been reading books and about warrenbuffett lately i need some trump books to read! the art of the deal
lets get trump supporters out in massive numbers and make america great again create jobs
i cancelled todays meeting with the failing when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment not nice
the most brilliant observation you have ever made parents should take your advice
played trump scotland as well as turnberrygreat experience! great thanks!
in the just out poll i easily beat hillary clinton and i havnt even focused on her yet on our way make america great again!
not good or smart for obama to be calling russia a regional power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in nyc
when a country usa is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with trade wars are good and easy to win example when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute don’t trade anymorewe win big it’s easy!
the nfl should have its nonprofit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable
the trump signature collection exclusively available offers high end fashion for men dress your best
i want to work on the donalds campaign he is the only candidate worth the energy trump2016
when a car is sent to the united states from china there is a tariff to be paid of 2 1/2 when a car is sent to china from the united states there is a tariff to be paid of 25 does that sound like free or fair trade no it sounds like stupid trade going on for years!
ok bencongratulations on your graduationand good luck!
via donald trump wants katherine webb for miss usa judge
apologybrent musburger was a disgrace to broadcasting stop being so politically correct!
iran is threatening to shut the strait of hormuz and wont approve the keystone pipeline his energy policy makes america weak
all good cos i dont read huffington post its garbage it is failing badly!
don’t like golf swing not athletic i’ve won many club championships play him for charity!
thanks jim!
lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! the world is laughing at us
hopefully republican senators good people all can quickly get together and pass a new repeal and replace healthcare bill add saved $s
entrepreneurs whatever happens youre responsible if it doesnt happen youre responsible
macys stock drops after coming out in support of illegals dust up with and public boycottmacys
thinking might be what this country needs a change from career politicians
congress needs to actually defund obamacare not waste time passing nonbinding resolutions
a simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector
obama keeps saying that he will do something but why hasnt he done it? its all talk
we love you las vegas!
thanks and great job!
if you don’t publicize your successes your competitors will be sure to belittle them get the word out!
just did thetoday show to announce that baton rouge louisiana will host the miss usa pageant on sunday june 8th usa
had a great time yesterday on with and guest host
the celebrityapprentice sunday night on nbc at 9 pm another exciting episode is ready to go
failed presidential candidate lindsey graham should respect me i destroyed his run brought him from 7 to 0 when he got out now nasty!
via “awards for trump’s golf course”
america needs a potus who builds golf courses not hangs out on them! please become our next potus!
my beautiful wife melania will be appearing on qvc this evening from 8 to 9 pm
via by jeffrey lord “donald trump was right on ebola”
still cannot figure out this massive base of support for trump is because he is anti politician trump2016
i sure in the hell hope so trump please make this country great again
“ ‘plunder and deceit’” via by
bob kraft and coach bill are far too smart!
mr trump is a wonderful man and more presidential than the fraudinchief now
sanctions relief from clintonobama iran nuclear deal likely go to terrorists bigleaguetruth vpdebate
didnt the boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away? we are not dealing with an innocent baby heredeath
the sotu speech is really boring slow lethargic very hard to watch!
carson now admits his friend named bob who he tried to stab bob was saved by his belt buckle! no longer exists as bob wrong name!
“trump’s triumphs are driving his critics crazy!” thank you steve hilton just want to do what is right for our wonderful usa
we believe that every american should stand for the national anthem and we proudly pledge allegiance to one nation under god!
i will be doing tonight on fox at 9 o’clock will be interesting and tough!
celebapprentice is starting now dont miss and the hidden gem whos already underestimated the amazing
the reason i originally endorsed luther strange and his numbers went up mightily is that i said roy moore will not be able to win the general election i was right! roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him!
trump tuesday tomorrow at 7 30 am tune in!
super pac has continually called a murderer ironic since obama is destroying medicare
awesome entrepreneurial advice from trumpadvice thats how greats are made
if you combine the business models for both macys and the ny times both are on a rapid decline such a pity
when it comes to irans nuclear weapons program heres my advice distrust dismantle and verify
i’m a conservative but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other whereas liberals unite to win
just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are here is my interview
rt happening today house to vote on immigration bills including kate’s law and no sanctuary for criminals act
rt donald trump proves hair is real interview in case you were wondering
i agree great businessman i like your tone tonight! keep it up and youll have this democrats vote
with mexico being one of the highest crime nations in the world we must have the wall mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other
i just left the trump tower atriumit is packed with great people 1 tourist attraction in nyc fun! trumptower
great and good luck!
shout out work hard!
under mayor and police commissioner kelly all violent crime in nyc is down dramatically thats leadership
very organized process taking place as i decide on cabinet and many other positions i am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
florida power and light did a fantastic job of providing service and energy during the big storm in palm beach
flashback “hiding evidence of global cooling” “scientific data” is cooked!
thank you delaware! trump2016
best course in the world trumpinternational
it was wonderful to be back in missouri where our push for historic tax cuts all began six months ago i promised that we would cut taxes to bring main street roaring back and that is exactly what is happening!
the highly anticipated meeting between kim jong un and myself will take place in singapore on june 12th we will both try to make it a very special moment for world peace!
thank you brian and good luck
if dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm develo pm ent in aberdeen who is cont
sorry is a mentally sick woman a bully a dummy and above all a loser other than that she is just wonderful!
kellyfile behindthescenes here i am with on set! he joins me at 9p et – tune in
thanks for speaking up for sgt andrew tahmooressi on this morning
yo that sign gonna be more famous than hollywood! i agree!
china is taking the oil from iraq after we spent 15 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their freedom our leaders are so stupid!
the top leadership of the new york state republican party is totally dysfunctional they havent won a major election in many years
great rally in new mexico amazing crowd! now in la big rally in anaheim
is it even slightly possible that jodi arias could be set freewow what a miscarriage of justice that would be!
mr trump i think you ought to do an apprentice show for people to come up for a winning stradegy for you to run in 2016
a great man thanks
mike huckebee a great guy said the president should appoint me treasury secretary china and opec would not be happy
good luck to bob kraft tom brady and coach bill belichick tonight
obama and kerry are bungling syria by the hour they have set america’s deterrence and stature back by years amateurs!
genius tweet
2nd segment of my interview discussing insult of parents and sending him $5m bill
i was right—tv ratings for us open are way down from last year people don’t want to look at a burned out ugly course!
while i greatly appreciate the efforts of president xi and china to help with north korea it has not worked out at least i know china tried!
us news named the top10 best hotels in the usand trump intl hotel tower nyc and trump intl hotel tower chicago are on the list!
happy 70th birthday
trade between china and north korea grew almost 40 in the first quarter so much for china working with us but we had to give it a try!
a terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are you should be ashamed
uk is freezing through longest and coldest winter in over 50 years where’s the global warming?
thank you you were great you can defend me anytime amazing job
north korea has just launched another missile does this guy have anything better to do with his life? hard to believe that south korea
i willthankssuccess is fantastic
great to see getting the respect he deserves a gentleman a friend a genius thank you!
wow natos top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must pay their bills this is a general i will like!
nobody cares about the iowa straw poll is what said yesterday his problem is that nobody cares about his campaign or him
todays final round of the wgc cadillac championship will be amazing a lot of pressure on leader who has played great big names hunting!
great segment on fox and friends takebacksenate
will be refreshing to have views from someone else whos not a politician or community organizer imo
quote of the day donald trump decrees boycott on glenfiddich scotch via
are in trouble without derek try arod at short get him some confidence
lets see whether or not chuck townsend is smart enough to fire graydon carter who only cares about his bad food restaurants
join me live on my facebook page in st augustine florida! lets draintheswamp and make america great again!…
congratulations you area true patriot!
gw bush was open borders like terrorists can come across mexican border at will!
senator of the great state of alaska really let the republicans and our country down yesterday too bad!
so professional of news to throw out the failing news paper from their debate paper wont survive highly unethical!
gabriel sherman’s book on roger ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies publisher should be ashamed and sued
122 vicious prisoners released by the obama administration from gitmo have returned to the battlefield just another terrible decision!
so what did you think of my decision? what would you have done? celebapprentice trump president 2016 great
central americas tallest building sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind
remember wants common core education from dc and is very weak on illegal immigration come as act of love not a leader!
immigration ban is one of trumps most popular orders so far
those who believe in tight border security stopping illegal immigration and smart trade deals w/other countries should boycott
join us in salt lake city utah tonight! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
thanks to the historic tax cuts that i signed into law your paychecks are going way up your taxes are going way down and america is once again open for business!
great job today on
remember sunday is national prayer day by presidential proclamation!
the ultimate merger
ill be on monday at 7 30 am dont miss it
got my dad a trump tie from macys for fathers day he loves it he says its the best tie hes ever owned! great
congrats to obama and democrats cbo has just announced that obamacare missed its uninsured target by half and program costs extra $700b
how does failed writer and pundit like with no success and little talent get away with criticizing candidates
the opinion of this socalled judge which essentially takes lawenforcement away from our country is ridiculous and will be overturned!
hopefully he will not destroy scotland
january 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again
thank you for a great and very accurate story well done!
wonderful coordination between federal state and local governments in the great state of texas teamwork! record setting rainfall
we are getting ready to protect saudi arabia against iran and otherssending ships how much are they going to pay us toward this protection
rt i had a wonderful time with the students at the american international school riyadh today saudiaarabia
china has just intervened to lower the yuan in other words they will continue to screw the us!
all presidential candidates should immediately disavow their super pac’s theyre not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
the daily snooze publishes lies about me they should be ashamed but it will die very soon
so sweet asking to give the us coast guard money too!!
had dinner this week at at trump world tower opposite the united nations—fantastic food! 2129647777
i like thinking big if you’re going to be thinking anything you might as well think big – donald trump
looking forward to returning to the hawkeye state this saturday to support my friend and strong conservative
my two wonderful sons don and eric will be on at 7 02 now! enjoy
social media has changed the news and communication landscape for good everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
gov scott walker just left my officewe had a really wonderful talk very interesting!
more $ thrown away gave $20m to amonix and praised its success in 10 it just filed for bankruptcy
it is my great honor to support our veterans with you! you can join me now thank you! trump4vets
the country is being run just like the stadium
great taste enjoy!
love the trump sign👍amazing!!
if christian bale turned down $50m to return as batman he should have his head examined what was he thinking?!
ted cruz is the definition of sleaze just ask
“patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it” mark twain
via by “trump talks politics at his virginia winery”
bigger better stronger faster smarter richer winner trump2016
big day tomorrow in georgia and south carolina obamacare is dead dems want to raise taxes big! they can only obstruct no ideas vote r
the best tweet of 2015 agree? trump
trumps work ethic gives me hope hes a tireless and smart worker a winner not a whiner
donald why the hell dont you run for president business genius unlike 2016
the democrats are most angry that so many obama democrats voted for me with all of the jobs i am bringing back to our nation that number
the voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error!
the attack on our libyan consulate was the worst attack on the us since 9/11 time for obama to come clean
an honor to welcome pm of australia to america and join him in marking the 75th anniversary of the…
really great job handling the wise guys so easy for you such talent! i won’t forget
good monday morning from my room at the beautiful trump ocean club panama a great great hotel!!
hopefully this answers your question trumpvlog
i cant wait have never missed a season great!!
great job on fox this morning keep up the good work!
my interview discussing my video endorsement of and past visits to
not good news for jeb bush
ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the atlantic ocean the reason would hurt tourism!
i remember you supported john mccain just like i did that is correct thank you!
via by “trump us getting beat up”
you would be a damn sight better than jeb ! or billary !
lightweight is pushing for the moreland commission to be disbanded immediatelybecause he is being looked at!
crooked hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest incompetent and of very bad judgement
a letter to president jeff zucker
kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in ohio i will bring them back! makeamericagreatagain
democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous obamacare and puerto rico with your tax dollars sad!
me by a lot!
pathetic is sweetening his offer to the taliban read the art of the deal
trump 2016?
it is crucial for republicans to remain united during this shutdown
hey our week at your vegas hotel was very nice classy hotel we will return great thx!
candace owens of turning point usa is having a big impact on politics in our country she represents an ever expanding group of very smart “thinkers” and it is wonderful to watch and hear the dialogue going onso good for our country!
rt sat down w/ here in iowa talked god late night tweets
president obama just told president putin how important the russian air strikes against isis have been i told you so!
i love the way you dont take any crap from cant wait to hear you say kate youre fired!
rt debate ready!!! makeamericagreatagain trumptrain
via 14 reasons donald trump is really running — and doing well
maybe the millions of people who voted to make america great again should have their own rally it would be the biggest of them all!
wow ticket sales go through the roof after trump asked to speak at cpac
with irma and harvey devastation tax cuts and tax reform is needed more than ever before go congress go!
we want donald !! yah next president! trumptrain trumpforpresident we will all make america great again!
the obamacare enrollment numbers are a liethey will be ‘readjusted’ by the white house at an opportune time probably after ’14 election
on behalf of an entire nation congratulations to the us womens hockey team on winning the gold! goteamusa olympics
standforouranthem
hence legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations the presidency is a far more important task!
stop the china curse pass the china currency bill!
vets for a strong america endorses donald trump for president weve endorsed him we believe in him trump2016
sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make!
do you think theres any chance of changing the course were on? yes but we must move quickly!
a massive tax increase will be necessary to fund crooked hillary clintons agenda what a terrible and boring rollout that was yesterday!
after 13 seasons easily beat shark tank in ratings last year better demos as well
cbss face the nation posts largest audience since 2001 trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
was right! vote trump! bring our jobs back i told you so only going to get worse
i have two of your ties and they are better quality than ties i own that cost $125 at macys great
the art of the deal gets my vote it changed the way i do business great!
please help a ny 2 yr old boy beat cancer
jesus would be so proud of you donald
does anyone remember this clip when he got fired from abc in fact fired like a dog!
honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers we are making america 1 again timetogettough
id say is a legend i work too long and hard to think about it but thanks!
even jimmy carter just released a statement saying that obama doesnt have a clue that has to be a new low!
everyones favorite frontman twisted sister lead singer returns to this year’s allstar dee does great!
our deficits are caused by runaway spending not inadequate taxing washington does not have a revenue problem
the democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct thats all they are good at!
why did the failing refuse to use any of the names given to them that i was so proud to have helped with their careers dishonest!
it’s snowing and freezing in nyc what the hell ever happened to global warming?
my family and i just arrived in scotland for the grand opening of trump international golf links scotland
here we go!
stupid arianna hired the man who ruined the oncegreat nytimes business section
with all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the convention yesterday it was ironic that the debt passed $16t
i hope in the next couple of years i can call you mr president
the cia deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world the cia perseveres the politicians whine!
we will no longer be silent we can take our country back! let’s make america great again!
“fortunately for a quarterback you can play for a long time because you dont get hit very often” – tom brady
after strict consultation with general kelly the cia and other agencies i will be releasing all jfkfiles other than the names and
and killed it! celebapprentice
wow ratings are really low worst in many years i guess ill have to start doing my tuesday morning interviews with them again!
thanks anna
my interview with discussing the cnndebate and how to deal with iran without using force
i can confirm the reports my first season winner will be returning to this allstar season of
thank you clemson south carolina! makeamericagreatagain scprimary
i heard that was very nice on friday but that little donny d a big failure in tv and someone i helped was nasty irrelevant!
for all of those fools that want to attack syria the ushas lost the vital element of surpriseso stupidcould be a disaster!
writing my inaugural address at the winter white house maralago three weeks ago looking forward to friday…
why does obama continue to release the worst of the worst from gitmo?! look at paris and wake up!
there will come a day when everyone will say we should have listened to donald trump so true!
rt made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the united states
lt this guy needs to run for president! knowledge is power 2016 thanks!
good article what happened to american men from by michael cohen
why does support the radical islamists in egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the tea party?
just returned from pensacola florida where the crowd was incredible
the sequester is less than 2 of total 2013 budget why can’t the wh reallocate funds and keep the tours open for children? openourwh
twitlonger betawe need a dealmaker in the white house who knows how to think innovatively and make smart cont
stupid they tried that with the benefactor and mark went splat!
you are a terrible human being thats only because you dont know me!
they should have stopped paying him a long time ago
thank you so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night all polls agree it was fun and interesting!
“get in get it done get it done right get out” – fred c trump my father!
great kevin mccarthy drops out of speaker race we need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job!
39 of my nominations including diplomats to foreign lands have not been confirmed due to democrat obstruction and delay at this rate it would take more than 7 years before i am allowed to have these great people start working never happened before disgraceful!
the rally in cincinnati is on media put out false reports that it was cancelled will be great love you ohio!
president obama wants to change the name of mt mckinley to denali after more than 100 years great insult to ohio i will change back!
sleep eyes is killing meet the press isnt he pathetic? love watching him fail!
now this is the we have come to know at least trump speaks his mind doesnt cower to pc
anyone who houses the great jim kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise it was my honor!
good news has beating 4944 obama was up by 5 at same point in 08
celebapprentice another exciting episode tune in next monday at 8 pm for 2 more new episodes!
another broken promise by actually increases income inequality it must be fully repealed!
count me in! anything i can do to help trump2016
work hard!
glenfiddich is a joke—should have chosen andy murray—us open and olympic gold winner—as top scot instead of a total loser!
congrats my role model!! i always look up to youboss thank you!
please run and save this country
nancy reagan the wife of a truly great president was an amazing woman she will be missed!
obamacare is such a national treasure that has waived over 1200 companies from the law
always know you could be on the precipice of something great donald j trump
hypocrite! claims she needs a “public and a private stance” in discussions with wall street banks debate
our new president will provide something weve never had before truth even if it hurts trump
russian leaders are publicly celebrating obamas reelection they cant wait to see how flexible obama will be now
i have been hearing mitt romney might run he doesnt know nothing you do he had his chance and he blew it!
does president obama ever discuss the sneak attack on pearl harbor while hes in japan? thousands of american lives lost mdw
great going congrats!
mitt romney is a mixed up man who doesnt have a clue no wonder he lost!
stopped by to thank all of the tremendous men and women for their hard work!
qe3 a political favor for obama will cause record inflation on food and fuel this hits low income families the hardest big mistake
rt when is potus families are going to be safe and secure law and order will be restored! maga debates de…
the us needs at this moment thank you
a great honor to spend time with our brave heroes at the air station yuma thank you for your service to the united staes of america!
press conference at the old post office in dc
donald trump defends his big obama bombshell its not a publicity stunt via
surprise – china has spies throughout nasa stealing our rampd when will we ever make them pay for espionage?
glad to see george again on celebapprentice 👍👏
i want to learn golf from the best can you teach me? i heard you are an amazing golfer! true!
patrick reed—we are proud to have yod.c.ur champion at doral love the attitude and the play see you in march at the cadillac wgc
i hear / came out with another one of their phony polls while i am leading they are totally discredited after last sc poll
if the presidential election were held today according to this poll donald trump would defeat any dem
a round of golf compliments of me trump national golf clublos angeles
dedicate my 750 tweet to most inspiring entrepreneurs of our time thx
re super pac scam what the other candidates are doing is a disgrace
we want our companies to hire and grow in america to raise wages for american workers and to help rebuild our american cities and towns! usa🇺🇸
by the way hillary and the msm forgot to mention that hillary is in the alshabaab terror video
“positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking
it is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and i can now fight for america the way i want to
today the house votes on two crucial bills ☑️ nosanctuaryforcriminalsact ☑️ kateslaw ☑️pass these bills and lets…
receiving thousands of thank you letters from students for my convocation speech the honor was all mine! great people
trumpvlog obama should be ashamed!
leaving hamburg for washington dc and the wh just left china’s president xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade and north korea
off to your lovely aberdeen golf club tomorrow just got ranked number one by golf week mag enjoy it!
its wednesday how much money is china stealing from us today?
i cannot imagine that congress would dare to leave washington without a beautiful new healthcare bill fully approved and ready to go!
and why hasn’t the podesta brother been charged and arrested like others after being forced to close down his very large and successful firm? is it because he is a very well connected democrat working in the swamp of washington dc?
twitlonger betain terms of energy we need to be exploring and developing numerous approachesand i also include in that cont
the failing new york times criticized secretary of state pompeo for being awol missing when in fact he was flying to north korea fake news so bad!
we are tired of lies trump 2016
not if now
cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say if youre for motherhood hell be against it!
just returned from europe trip was a great success for america hard work but big results!
magazine should definitely pick david pecker to run things over there hed make it exciting and win awards!
practice positive thinkingthis will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental
government funding bill past last night in the house of representatives now democrats are needed if it is to pass in the senate but they want illegal immigration and weak borders shutdown coming? we need more republican victories in 2018!
the only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak us leader
crooked hillary clinton blames everybody and every thing but herself for her election loss she lost the debates and lost her direction!
for my mind do whatever you think is right you have nothing to prove just save our nation
wishes speeches could create jobs his job is costing america all of ours
thank you florida cant wait to see you friday in miami! join me
another great poll result! thank you!
trumpforpresident2016
hope you like my nomination of judge neil gorsuch for the united states supreme court he is a good and brilliant man respected by all
ive been waiting for this day for way too long! celebapprentice starts tonight! cant wait! 🎉 enjoy!
great playingwe are proud of you!
hillary and her friends!
had better surround herself with better hosts than nicole wallace who doesnt have a clue the show is close to death!
thank you edward
obama also fabricated his own birth certificate after being pressured to produce one by
must read article “conservative fury at rove erupts” by jeffrey lord
made a speech in arkansas last night before a record gop crowd great spirit and amazing people make america great again!
i would gain a whole new respect for president obama if he would say look we made a big mistake sorry! no more lies or deception
rt limbaugh by not showing hes owning entire event
the truly great phyllis schlafly who honored me with her strong endorsement for president has passed away at 92 she was very special!
my offer to obama is about transparency in 2008 american people were sold on hope and change this our last chance to get the full record
we need someone like you in office who knows how to get this country out of debt trumpforpresident easy
cruz talks about hillary all the time because he knows he cant beat you ! trump will win texas !
the oscars were a great night for mexico and why not—they are ripping off the us more than almost any other nation
well we all did it together! i hope the movement fans will go to dc on jan 20th for the swearing in lets set the all time record!
why did failing ag eric schneiderman after years of looking file his pathetic lawsuit on a saturday afternoon unheard of? no case!
cant wait for his insightful and intelligent tweets you sound like a very smart person!
great being in cincinnati ohio last night thank you! off to washington dc now trump2016 americafirst
proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit standing tall!
kenya moore hmmmm wont be there long needs to go celebapprentice
with the whacko pervert weiner about to be embarrassed all women need to be on the lookout sexting begins 911 @ 12 01 am
wow is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible very unprofessional hurting in ratings bad television!
thanks ricardo
do you think the three ucla basketball players will say thank you president trump? they were headed for 10 years in jail!
it is great to meet fellow patriots at the timetogettough book signings cant wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12 pm to 2 pm
great crowd in johnstown pennsylvania thank you get out and vote on 11/8! watch the movement in pa this afternoon…
what a waste of time being interviewed by when he puts on really stupid talking heads liketim obriendumb guy with no clue!
the 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime we must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back damage
why is trump for real? because he knows how to deal!
i dont understand why wastes his time with fools on twitter i dont either i feel sorry for them?
who is going to get iraqs oil???????
you are a winner thank you
hillary clinton colluded with the democratic party in order to beat crazy bernie sanders is she allowed to so collude? unfair to bernie!
entrepreneurs success is good success with significance is even better make your work count
we will have electric and people will make money but birds will be extinct in 20 years
dont let the press put words in your mouth! awesome job at the border! youre doing great!
trump arrives for sc tea party convention in myrtle beach via
i would walk barefoot and naked on a mile of broken glass n snakes to cast my vote for trump!
many republicans support tpp they are stupid we have stupid republicans too we need to keep jobs here! my speech
president donald j trump approves emergency declarations➡️
“one thing i’ve learned about the press is they’re always hungry for a good story the more sensational the better” art of the deal
trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making
the tragedy in south carolina is incomprehensible my deepest condolences to all
join me live in reno nevada!
common core is a federal takeover of school curriculum department of education should be disbanded not expanded focus on local education
flashback october 9 2012 “donald trump jobs numbers are a lot of monkey business” proven right again!
i love me some except when hes going against our president but business wisei admire himunderstand!
its amazing how people fear a change for the better
mr trump why does cruz hate canada so much he should embrace his roots its a great country so true!
serious stuffirs commissioner visited white house 157 times far more than sec of state or defense what a big story this is!
too busy playing golf? sends form letters with an electronic signature to the parents of fallen seals
i have traveled the world america is the most beautiful country on earth
if a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy i have an ideajust put up subsidized wind cont
my interview where i discuss the obamacare usc argument gas prices new clothing line
youve done the same thing at doral mr trump congrats thank you
rt usa🇺🇸 japan🇯🇵
i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016
thsnk you
i wonder how it would be growing up with as a father
the only way for medicare and social security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy doesnt get it
both ted cruz and john kasich have no path to victory they should both drop out of the race so that the republican party can unify!
those stupid people bought company of which he owned a piece
detroit’s bankruptcy could just be the start many municipalities across us are overleveraged and losing citizens
is changing their theme from fair and balanced to unfair and unbalanced but dying is worsetheir phony poll is a joke!
way to go what a good sport thanks vince but you are the greatest of them all
never ever quit never give up donald j trump the art of the deal
the american people i have no doubt that we will together make america great again!
pinehurst 2 is what happens when environmentalists take over the usga!
frankly for a writer i don’t think stuff is good in fact it’s terrible
i think is the only reason i watch fox and friends honest man he is
last weeks episode of the celebrity apprentice set the stage for a great new season tune in this sunday on nbc for even more excitement
top rino hack for msnbc joey scarborough on the air and calling the next president trump a racist and bigot shame on you
rt great group at our victory office in columbus ohio im incredibly grateful to have so many…
please save this country mr trump going to take a business genius to clean up obamas mistakes you got my vote!
talking about jobs? remember what she promised upstate new york bigleaguetruth debates
donald trump for presidentthat would be a real wake up call to the world would be a great president thanks
clearly needs to run for president! dont think anyone else can get us on the right track but him!
my son don and his wife vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named spencer frederick very thrilling
president obama should bring secretaty sebelius into his office look right into her beautiful blue eyes and saywith emotion youre fired!
if you have a hard time communicating one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience midas touch
best apprentice ever btw! just needed more gilbert!! cant wait to see ur hotel in dc!
lyin ass nigga why does paula d get destroyed and you can use the n word so freely asshole?
thank you for the wonderful and honest poll results on chicago sign people love it!
congratulations to marked the 1 yr anniversary of our countrys credit being downgraded
i have the two ties on the rightgreat quality as they never loose their shape and tie a perfect knot
he is for america! security for america! jobs for america! there is no other leader!
dont think my statement on was harsh if you knew her and the phony huffington post you would understand more to follow
i explained to the president of china that a trade deal with the us will be far better for them if they solve the north korean problem!
a friend is one who has the same enemies as you have abraham lincoln
no pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! thats his promise to us!! we love u trump
rt chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds plus give them access to city services
all of my cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job i want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts not mine!
work has not yet begun were in the approval phase it will be amazing you will love the final result
i met a trump twitter hater last night well known as he came near me he nervously said mr trump it is an honor to meet you sir! nice
obamas administration is now openly admitting it expects us credit downgraded again thanks for letting us know now
fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the president and congresswashington must come together and make a deal
“american consumers are the most confident theyve been since 2000a strong job market is boosting confidence the unemployment rate has stayed at a 17year low”
huge supporter out here in alaska! lets make this country great again!
tomorrow is trumptuesday on 7 30 am est always interesting
please buy the bills billsmafia
countries charge us companies taxes or tariffs while the us charges them nothing or littlewe should charge them same as they charge us!
“school shooting survivor says he quit town hall after refusing scripted question” just like so much of cnn fake news that’s why their ratings are so bad! msnbc may be worse
donald you are my best mentor to richest and successful
rt still ahead joins us at 7am/et! rncincle
not believable that manti te’o was in love for one year with a girl he never met she then died he is either very stupid
and people like ms heyer such a disgusting lie he just cant forget his election trouncingthe people of south carolina will remember!
excited to be keynoting leadership summit in iowa this saturday
ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines oscars
im coming to ny from florida tomorrow im bringing the first trump 2016 sign with me startthemovement wow
please for real this time we need you do not worry
the reason great dealmakers do not openly celebrate a deal especially one that is not complete is that it shows weakness to the other side
unsustainable with our $17t debt and $90t in unfunded liabilities government “blatantly” wasted $30b this year
i endorsed not because i agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with china
iftrumpwerepresident this country would be the classiest most established most admired place in the world 100 true!
jailed usmc sgt andrew tahmooressi should be released immediately since when does mexico care about border security? bringbackourmarine
you are a brilliant business man! the us needs your skills to become great!! trump for president thank you!
“a man always has two reasons for doing anything a good reason and the real reason” j p morgan
just as i predicted would fail on the view
lou barletta will be a great senator for pennsylvania but his opponent bob casey has been a donothing senator who only shows up at election time he votes along the nancy pelosi elizabeth warren lines loves sanctuary cities bad and expensive healthcare
weeklyaddress🇺🇸
visiting new york city? make sure to skate in the world famous trump rink in central park great for the whole family!
getting ready to leave for the great state of indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of carrier ac
donald trump and mike tyson
standing strong for his people is ignoring the feds and keeping all wisconsin parks open great!
i love great!
watched gennady golovkin at msg on saturday night he was fantasticshould fight
now i know where not to watch or shop account closed
the $9b that spent in stimulus for solar wind projects created 910 total jobs costing $98m each
this is rich coming from her she tweeted you will be president! women4ttump trump2016
weak and low energy whose campaign is a disaster is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy
bayer ag has pledged to add us jobs and investments after meeting with presidentelect donald trump the latest in a string
join the movement!
the maralago club in palm beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charitya great feeling!
my interview with howard stern this morning!
“when your brand begins to build you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition” – midas touch
thank you new hampshire! makeamericagreatagain fitn
mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen trump2016 true
rt 2/2 how many of our presidents even our great presidents would have handled the antics that went on in that auditorium…
sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war dont ever get down on yourself just keep fighting in the end you win!
bernie sanders was right when he said that crooked hillary clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from bad judgement!
im gonna cry its joan rivers celebapprentice
a lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5m will be donated to the onus is on obama to first release his records
im s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love he speaks the truth!
couldnt help but notice how crispy the shirts look at macys! clean
my administration governor and many others are working together to help the people of puerto rico in every way
like her or not hillary did what she had to do in the debate last night—get through it her opponents were very gentle and soft!
china is about to acquire 82800 net acres of a texas shale oil and gas field what are we doing!
its scary to think we have obama for 2 more years we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation! thank you
republican leadership should have only one job help elect the nominee we voted for donald j trump
obama now wants to give another $450m to the muslim brotherhood money we dont have going to people that hate us moronic
i just signed up in support of your campaign on your website
the united states senate just passed the biggest in history tax cut and reform bill terrible individual mandate obamacarerepealed goes to the house tomorrow morning for final vote if approved there will be a news conference at the white house at approximately 1 00 pm
innocent of what werent they brutally mugging people in the park that night? the city better not settle this case!
greatly appreciate your nice words re wrestlemania that’s why you are such a respected writer
breaking news negotiations with iranians broke down because obama insisted that they use obamacare
congratulations to my brother robert and ann marie on the success of in dutchess county new york amenia great food!
is just amazing made my night watching him on letterman ! trumpnationaldoral !! thanks lizzy!
a third rate architecture criticwho i thought got fired—for the failing likes the building but doesn’t like the trump sign
thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night very exciting!
don’t be afraid of being unique its like being afraid of your best self donald j trump
every online poll time magazine drudge etc has me winning the debate thank you to fox and friends for so reporting!
clearly trump gets social media his tweets are everywhere and no sugar coating he keeps it real wish all candidates did that
congratulations to our new attorney general
beautiful thank you
scotlands loss for being short sighted wish you every success with the new club thank you
yes! thank u 4 coming to li! it was a thrill 2 b part of it! u will get the job done! makeamericagreatagain trump2016 🇺🇸
referees are destroying the enjoyment of nfl games slowing down the fun big shots jets game is ridiculous!
everybody that loves the people of new york and all they have been thru should get hypocrites like ted cruz out of politics!
terrible cbo forecast for 201314 gdp growth and 75 unemployment really 17 you get what you vote for!
sheena monnin acted terriblyshe got what she deserved!
sleazy adam schiff the totally biased congressman looking into russia spends all of his time on television pushing the dem loss excuse!
the carson story is either a total fabrication or if true even worsetrying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend!
this is from someone who knows they are a disaster
i think the will win today unlike arod.c.s good under pressure i hope arod plays however
i had a great day in dc even though the subject was an unpleasant one the horrible iran nuke deal amazing crowd and enthusiasm!
good morning im still hoping to hear trump2016 🙏 youve my vote stay tuned!
wow! what a nice commentthank you! but 100 per cent trueand you will get great ratings tonight!
congratulations to alyssa campanella miss californiaour new miss usa!
the will fail the republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal
thank you st louis missouri! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
tom brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball he is my friend and a total winner!
hope so!
the economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies bigleaguetruth draintheswamp
obama is laughing at karl rove and all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race including the big one!
don’t focus on me focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within the united kingdom we are doing just fine!
the navy yard shooting is a horrible disaster if we dont clean up our country of the garbage soon we are just going to do a death spiral!
im proud to accept the 2010 hollyrod foundation humanitarian award from holly robinson peete who raised $700000 on celebrity apprentice
the wilson family should thank me pegula overpaid for the because of me!
opening for the 2014 season soon the national register landmark maralago club is the crown jewel of palm beach
governor cuomo wont get any real challenge unless its mr trump true!
via by trump blasts obama for failing to secure christian pastor’s freedom in iran”
ill bet he was!
the police in paris did a fantastic job very brave not easy!
first 3 episodes great! looking forward to rest of season
wow its snowing in isreal and on the pyramids in egypt are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? make us competitive!
south korea is finding as i have told them that their talk of appeasement with north korea will not work they only understand one thing!
watched chief negotiator for iran on last night he is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!
i am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection jobs matter!
is what happened to detroit a good thing long term ??? it has been sliding for decades incompetence
the syrian raid was so perfectly carried out with such precision that the only way the fake news media could demean was by my use of the term “mission accomplished” i knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great military term it should be brought back use often!
great show! shame we are so behind in the uk the 2011 season just finished! well done thanks
see my picks at at and giving away money!!! fundanything
a great article about how obamacare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market
happy birthday andrew
our great country is respected again in asia you will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
donald youre the man thanks!
china has a backdoor into the transpacific partnership this deal does not address currency manipulation china is laughing at us
“the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life so if you want to aim high you have be able to handle the bumps”–think big
arrived in palm beach drove by a gas staion $450 a gallon result of failed leadership
rt wants to tough on crime fails to talk about defending rapists and murders vpdebate
i don’t know dennis kozlowski who made tyco into a great company and then went to prison but he’s up for parole—let him go!
the republicans have been played into a trap by the presidentthey forgot the 14th amendment
china taxing imports from the us 22 why arent we taxing china?
stop the flights!
both washington dc and dallas are turning out to be really big events dc is protest of incompetent iran deal and dallas is big speech!
vote for congressman devin nunes a true american patriot the likes of which we rarely see in our modern day worldhe truly loves our country and deserves everyone’s support!
you need both a public and a private position debates2016
no his facts are very bad for him
the fix is in donald did his best performance and has jeb scoring higher? jeb looked in pain joke
via by “trump says he will decide on a presidential run by june”
my sons don and eric are on now 7 35 great kids enjoy!
via by peter millard trump helps rio builders after olympics corporate brazil
the very foul mouthed sen john mccain begged for my support during his primary i gave he won then dropped me over locker room remarks!
give me clean beautiful and healthy air not the same old climate change global warming bullshit! i am tired of hearing this nonsense
soaring 92 stories boasts a 5 star rating for both its hotel and restaurant
is the only candidate against illegals we will have america back and jobs
needs to run for president! he would be the best leader! thanks mike
has been treating me very unfairly and i have therefore decided that i wont be doing any more fox shows for the foreseeable future
20 reasons why it should be donald trump in 2016 via aj thank you soooo nice!
press conference following national security briefing in bedminster new jersey 🎥
do you think crooked will ever challenge the nfl tax status? no—too many friends and contributors in
who else is as qualified as the donald it needs a man who makes thing happen theres only one donald trump
business is a creative endeavor cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big
“your money should be at work at all times even in the worst economy there is no excuse think like a billionaire
great boardroom so far love the tension
merry christmas and a very very very very happy new year to everyone!
at this point the legacy of the obama administration will be sadly that of the gang that couldnt shoot straight what a pathetic mess!
good idea!
my presidency isnt this a ridiculous shame? he loves these kids has raised millions of dollars for them and now must stop wrong answer!
thanks!
so excited for new season of celebrity apprentice been a big fan since like 4th grade great!
donald trump for president! please save us man omg yes bro!
i truly hope president obama doesnt do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face he must sit back and chill
lance armstrong is now going to admit guilt—can that be possible after many years of denying? just go away lance
my daughter ivanka is being honored by the wharton school of finance with the 2012 young leadership award also cont
donald trump keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target i support you completely
the fake news is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources who don’t exist they are totally unhinged and the great success of this administration is making them do and say things that even they can’t believe they are saying truly bad people!
great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials police discuss nogo areas
big interview tonight by henry kravis at the business council of washington looking forward to it!
thank you for setting the failing story straight this is what the nyts should have written!
they were viciously attacking other people in the parknice guys?
definitely worth it
thank you des moines iowa! governor and i appreciate your support! maga trumptrain
president obama wants to change the name of the white house because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
it won’t stay a buyer’s market forever if you can take advantage and buy property asap you’ll thank me!
people need to start looking up to the real role models such as donald trump and warren buffett
with two champion style courses graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic potomac river
congratulations to and his team on their important court win for the first amendment!
got my vote! only one with common sense! so true thanks
are you announcing your run for president? you are americas last hope! stay tuned!
thanks it will be great
happy birthday to my baby and keep up the great work at school we are all proud of you!
donald trump jr ivanka trump eric trump and myself in front of the old post office dc on pennsylvania
train wreck just the beginning our roads airports tunnels bridges electric grid all falling aparti can fix for 20 of pols and better
the establishment gop out in force tonight trying to discredit congrats donald youve got them nervous
join me live in springfield ohio!
thanks well see!
woohoo! have lived in doral for 14 years and city is excited for trump upgrades! welcome! thanks!
is fake news washington post being used as a lobbyist weapon against congress to keep politicians from looking into amazon notax monopoly?
kevin is bringing it in the boardroom
lots of response that obama should give the $5m to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in benghazi
thanks it was wonderful
crookedhillary is unfit to serve
thanks to our historic tax cuts america is open for business and millions of american workers are seeing more takehome pay through higher wages salaries and bonuses!
if you missed it here is the most popular link among people i follow by
thank you georgia! i had a great afternoon with all of you! i will be back soon makeamerciagreatagain
i dont think the haters or losers bother donald one bit haha do they affect you in anyway? no!
thank you john nolte for wonderful analysis and reporting
this morning played some of the video i filmed for the tampa convention
was always funny watching you two banter! that will be missed! i agree!
i was just told by a television pro thay is one of the truly dumbest guys in the businesshes obsessed with tso many flops!
why do the republicans keep apologizing on the so called birther issue? no more apologiestake the offensive!
now that africanamericans are seeing what a bad job hillary type policy and management has done to the innercities they want trump!
the shale boom is saving our economy good for jobs national security and trade balance frack now and frack fast!
he is using the irs to sabotage the tea party what about the occupy wall street groups?
i put on apprentice at his request i did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my obama announcement
mike pompeo met with kim jong un in north korea last week meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed details of summit are being worked out now denuclearization will be a great thing for world but also for north korea!
if chicago doesnt fix the horrible carnage going on 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings up 24 from 2016 i will send in the feds!
today is in ohio on a bus tour tomorrow pennsylvania how about actually running the country?
int on gov collecting data whistle blower hiding in china and no bikinis in miss world pageant
re is right she’s becoming predictable
i started this campaign to make america great again that’s what i’m going to do maga debate
i wish you would advice the kardashians and the jenner sisters on child rearing you did a good job upbringing your girl
when will release an actual budget?
was there for the 1st time last week beautiful bldg inside too!! thanks
we need a strong minded potus in office before we enter into another war
president trump has a nice ring to it trump2016 thank you
love trump tower in chicago!! beautiful building!!
only could help this country out of the hole its in trump2016
i don’t know to best of my knowledge havent played golf w/him and think he does too many tv commercials—boring not a fan
anderson cooper only wants to hear his answers mr trump tells the truth and cant be bought democrat for trump
i am in las vegas for the 2012 pageant watch live tonight on at 9 pm et
im voting for trump for ceo of these united states time to haul ass trump2016 great
i will be on the mike and mike show at 705 am espn 10 minutes will be fun great guys! radio and tv
cant wait for tomorrows episodes! celebapprentice trump
dont give up republican senators the world is watching repeal and replaceand go to 51 votes nuke option get cross state lines and more
ill always like because she constantly defends me celebapprentice
boycott mexico until they release our marine with all the money they get from the us this should be an easy one no respect!
the people do not care what politician said about trump we still support him all the way
join on facebook and watch tonights rally from geneva ohio our 3rd rally of the day americafirst maga
oped culture does matter
wonderful frank gifford has just passed away at age 84 he was my friend and a truly great guy! warmest condolences to family
if is president she’ll be all talk and nothing will get done debate bigleaguetruth
trump2016 illegals are taken care of better than our veterans
big excitement last night in the great state of pennsylvania! fantastic crowd and people make america great again!
obama is finally stopping the chinese from buying something in america – windfarms what a joke!
ive been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to staten island are far too high and unfairjust got lowered but not nearly enough
yes i will give my pick tomorrow watch cover it on
highest rated saturday night live in four years 47 higher than their opening night with hillary and miley cyrus nice words
hey bring miss universe back to brazil again! that will happen next up moscownovember 9
ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit
decision is one of the biggest wins for our veterans in decades our heroes deserve the best! ➡️…
what other candidate begins to rival trump in his knowledge breadth of issues stamina? thanks!
people are loving the trump sign on the chicago building big league tweets letters and calls…
saudi arabia was vehemently against the iran nuclear deal then today they embraced it what happened? what did we give them to endorse?
america backs you your our next president!!!! thank you!
jean georges is always fantastic a real pleasure in a wonderful building thank you
makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸
again don’t forget to watch tonight on fox at 9 o’clock est
more than anything else i think dealmaking is an ability youre born with its in the genes theartofthedeal
the miss universe pageant raked in some great ratings! a great job by everyone
season 13 still 1 at 10 pm in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 910 11 pm news loves trump!
tune in for trumptuesday on tomorrow morning
country and with the massive cost reductions i have negotiated on military purchases and more i believe the people are seeing big stuff
just out the new nationwide poll has me alone in 2nd place closely behind jeb bushbut bush will never make america great again!
with obama and bernanke destroying the value of the dollar gold and real estate should continue to rise in value
just landed in north carolina heading to the js dorton arena see you all soon! lets makeamericagreatagain!
wow fbi confirms report that james comey drafted letter exonerating crooked hillary clinton long before investigation was complete many
great! all should take the pledge not to vote unless trump runs
we unearthed donald trumps vine account from 2013 and its incredible thank you
bring in 2014 nye soireé nycs most exclusive new years eve party w/sohi and
congratulations to and his team on running a great campaign steve is a strong leader in the house
only if the price is right will mr trump make this deal
crude is about to pass $90/barrel the opec monopoly must be broken they are robbing our country blind
the real war on womenover 175000 fewer held jobs in july and 94000 dropped out of labor force we must do better
you dont like it because trump is a conservative how many jobs has trump created in chicago
i cant believe i agree with everything you said on worldisover
really bad article about me in the dying or dead esquire magazine totally false lots of hatred when will this boring magazine close?
i look up to him as he is my idol thank you!
i will be interviewed on at 8 40 am enjoy!
will make us energy independent by 2020 will keep wasting money on solyndra projects
news max poll 65 another debate win!
the only reason i am critical of the pinehurst look is because i’m a lover of golf—and that look on tv hurts golf badly
the country needs you now more than ever you will be the one to bring the respect back trump2016 thx
should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster take a hint and get out of the film cont
“design your business from the start so that it is leverageable expandable predictable and financeable” – midas touch
a great 4th of july! america a great country whos brightest days with wise leadership lie ahead
twitlonger betathe fact is youre not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs cont
if you can do that well in iowa then i see you acing it in all other significant states momentum is growing
live on periscope live with the donald
hey how come no globalwarming climatechange talk this week? heat 10 years ago was far worse!
the new reality ‘china daily’ is sold in street news paper vending machines across dc why not? they own the place
i was so looking forward to being in virginia beach virginia today the demand for tickets was amazing good luck with storm back soon!
via by trump slams liberals in ‘dishonest press’ ‘i’m going to start naming names’
if you ran for pres in 2016 you would have my vote no question! thanks
completely right on chinajust watch the news gotrump
he just knows how to ask the right questions to get the celebs to turn on each other which i find funny
another one of my predictions just came true iraq is a total disaster with government losing all control—so sad
“revenge is sweet and not fattening” alfred hitchcock
via by and mr trump goes to washington and talks 2016
because they are either jealous or losers or both
i’m really saddened to see that was voted “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to
have to agree with mr t what will ruin nfl is not the offfield idiocy but the on field idiocy of penalizing every hard tackle
on monday mornings is my favorite because of they are great people!
the fake news media works hard at disparaging and demeaning my use of social media because they dont want america to hear the real story!
come back n fix things in usa please mr trump
prior to the election it was well known that i have interests in properties all over the worldonly the crooked media makes this a big deal!
shut up u stuck up cock! hope u lose ur cash and get run over too smart to lose the cashrun over maybe
i will be interviewed on sunday 10am on cbs is a true pro!
the mexican legal system is corrupt as is much of mexico pay me the money that is owed me now and stop sending criminals over our border
i appreciate the gop candidates who remain strong on border security they know i am right a nation without borders cannot survive
today i received many compliments from wearing shirt and tie outfit great!
what do you think of my suing for $5m for charity? he made an offer i accepted
you should put her on celebrityapprentice just to fire her! first night!
get ready for tonight at 8 always interesting!
monday i lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you always exceed your customers expectations thx
virginians stand with you sir! makeamericagreatagain trump2016 trumpforpresident
hayes is looking depressed as well
i wonder how much our leaders have promised or given russia in order for them to behave and not make the us look even worse?
piers is a good man even if we disagree with him
just played trump international scotland… everyone was thrilled fantastic golf course! thanks
americas debt crisis is our countrys greatest challenge spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future
ratings for missuniverse pageant were highest in 4 years likes me and i like them!
five people killed in washington state by a middle eastern immigrant many people died this weekend in ohio from drug overdoses nc riots!
antarctic ice shelf melt lowest ever recorded global warming is not eroding it via
“ ‘we want to build everything in dubai” via
trump victory in november! maga trumppence16
best advice from the best leader
was fantastic tonight on thank you we will make america great again!
he had very bad advice
obama won’t send troops to fight jihadists yet sends them to liberia to contract ebola he is a delusional failure
once the bloomberg administration selected trump to take over the very expensive and years late project i kicked ass and got it done fast
just been informed by want to extend the run of the by two shows because it is doing so well two hours live
we need you to bring common sense to washington dcin 2016 the white house gets trumped!
congrats on winning the lawsuit in chicago thanks
vince mcmahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in wwe history wwehof
have shown conclusively that there was no collusion with russiajust excuse for losing the only collusion was that done by the dnc the democrats and crooked hillary the writer of the story maggie haberman a hillary flunky knows nothing about me and is not given access
thanks good luck
cover your basesknow everything you can about what youre doing keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis
whew finally off of workill say it againtrump 2016because nobody loves america more than donald trump 1
fantastic to have 400000 great men and women of rolling thunder in dc showing their patriotism they love our country they love our flag they stand for our national anthem! thanks to executive director artie muller
i am surprised that hugo chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition!
apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night!
10000 people in south carolina unbelievable evening! will be in new hampshire tomorrow love it
jeb used eminent domain and took advantage of a disabled vet in the process 2/2
was with yesterdaygreat golfer great architect great guy!
watch @ fox news ’ and former prosecutor doug burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit
rt “once you learn to quit it becomes a habit” vince lombardi
watched sean hannity last night a great guy
mr donald trump for president we need a leader who is smart for once donaldtrumpforprez
in my eyes the greatest real estate coach is donald trump he leads by example! i am the bestthx
“here’s something about donald trump he’s got a top rated show on tv and everything he says becomes a headline” all true!
can you imagine a top editor at new york magazine calling for my deathif they were responsible he would be fired! totally biased
the caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our border because of the trump administrations actions border crossings are at a still unacceptable 46 year low stop drugs!
jfk files are being carefully released in the end there will be great transparency it is my hope to get just about everything to public!
only in america can a jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health and then get a cover
trump international golf club turnberry scotland has been home to four of the greatest open championships in history
congratulations to the rolling stones on marking their 50th anniversary in london
only good candidate in this gop field is you sir! go trump trump2016 thank you
trump2016 trumpforpresident makesureyouvote
i will be live tweeting tomorrow monday nights two shows starting at 8 00 pm they are both great
as a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair the blue monster played last weekend gary player villa loved!
aberdeenshires first fivestar hotel revealed the best!
it is very possible that those sources dont exist but are made up by fake news writers fake news is the enemy!
im excited for this season cant wait to watch 👍
the dunes here are amazing and theyre how i learned about geomorphology which is the study of movement landforms weve had a great trip
announces his tax plan tomorrow morning
in a ny minute!
well that is quite the lineup ! predict very good ratings for you mr trump !
an old picture with nancy and ronald reagan
great job mr trumpkept em on topic got your message though
megan kelly admitted trump was leading by a lot!! that talk with ailes must have worked time to get tough trump 2016
especially how to get people even with an unlimited budget out to vote in the vital swing states and more they focused on wrong states
great news we are only just beginning together we are going to maga!
we got a look round the work being done at looking great! ayrshire wellconnected
thank you columbus ohio!
china loved obama’s climate change speech yesterday they laughed! it hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy
my int w/ and f/ on why romney shouldnt be nominee
welcome to vancouver! hope you enjoy your stay thanks!
i’ve been watching very little lately—the good news is i’m switching over to and
karen handel for congress she will fight for lower taxes great healthcare strong securitya hard worker who will never give up! vote today
apple is hard of hearing so true!
saw where you supported on to be aired tomorrow am thank you thanks ted!
you also hosted the greatest mma event of all time wrestlemania twice!!! you are a great american sir thanks
the second amendment will never be repealed! as much as democrats would like to see this happen and despite the words yesterday of former supreme court justice stevens no way we need more republicans in 2018 and must always hold the supreme court!
main street is booming thanks to our incredible tax cut and reform law this shows smallbusiness owners are more than just optimistic they are ready to grow their businesses
join me live from bedminster new jersey
vanity fair which looks like it is on its last legs is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at crooked h anna wintour who was all set to be amb to court of st james’s and a big fundraiser for ch is beside herself in grief and begging for forgiveness!
is pm cameron a dummy? with monumental cuts in uk spending how come he continues to spend billions of pounds
asked me to do an event the people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100000 for himselfphony
to be called trump links at ferry point course will be great and over the years hold many tournaments and major championships$s to nyc
the us gdp in 2010 was 41 down to 2 in 2011 and now 15 i guess plan is not working!
trump for president!!!
old story one of which i publicly disapproved my sons love hunting i don’t
its the sense of achievement along the way
“donald trump on brutal new season of via
where will dwight howard sign? will he join your pal the best fit for him would be houston!
china has copied our militarys f22 raptor design we should offset their theft from our debt
people ask why do you tweet and retweet to millions about when he is so low in the polls? because of his big $ hit ads on me!
obamacare premiums are going up up up just as i have been predicting for two years obamacare is owned by the democrats and it is a disaster but do not worry even though the dems want to obstruct we will repeal and replace right after tax cuts!
featuring and palm grill offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options
has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently he has a fantastic radio show that i always enjoy!
for the 1st time in american history america’s 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsement—me! thank you
bobby jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore i have never met him…
happy belated birthday wishes to barbara is terrific!
while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar she should be ashamed!
irony is imagine all the fossil fuels required to rescue that ship of idiots!
wow the supreme court passed i guess wanted to be a part of georgetown society more than anyone knew
join me in washington michigan on saturday april 28 2018 at 7 00 pm ! maga tickets
us governments foreign indebtedness has grown over 72 under he is bleeding us dry to china
this 92yearold woman registered to vote just to cast a ballot for trump
i hated to love it but was hilarious on last night! thedonald
lead investor in aberdeen windfarm fiasco has dropped out—project not economically viableamp protestors hate it
america’s greatest treasure is our people – and my administration hears your voice and has your back we are fighting to give every american a future of dignity purpose and pride american spirit is back! taxcuts
we wont see real change unless you become president! pleaserun 2016 true!
a classic china just signs massive oil and gas deal with russia giving russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in us face
to aspiring entrepreneurs always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you then you aren’t doing welland must work harder!
watch donald im a huge fan but a huuuuuge bills fan painful loss a tough one to take!
austin bombing suspect is dead great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
it is now commonly agreed after many months of costly looking that there was no collusion between russia and trump was collusion with hc!
next week the senate is going to vote on legislation to save americans from the obamacare disaster weeklyaddress🇺🇸
i have a proven track record supporting our veterans veterans deserve universal access to care va scandal proves politicians are inept
bernie caved!
rt ohio general electiondonald trump vs hillary clinton makeamericagreatagain trump2016
donald trump is hands down the best mac miller song so true!
big night on twitter tonight i will be live tweeting president obamas speech at 7 50 pm eastern must talk radical islamic terrorism!
sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their national anthem or their country nfl should change policy!
the democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign is different than having a spy as illegal as that may be but what about an “informant” who is paid a fortune and who “sets up” way earlier than the russian hoax?
w/ the ransom obama paid for deserter bergdhal getting mexico to release usmc sgt andrew tahmooressi is much harder bringbackourmarine
wow even lowly rand paul has just past in the new poll jeb is at 3 im at 39 stop throwing your money down the drain!
everyone should boycott italy if amanda knox is not freedshe is totally innocent
the elites want common core so they can take education out of parental control no! lets make america great again!
it is now clear that the embassy attack in libya was a coordinated al qaeda operation and not based on some video
to the brave men and women past and present in our armed services best wishes on veterans day
nobody wants to be the first one fired isnt that the truth celebapprentice very sad to be first
i added two new ties to my collection at macys thanks
does anybody notice that atlantic city lost its magic after i left years ago i had the big boxing introduced ufc ask danathe best shows
housing prices are up in feb over last feb 93 per cent remember i told everyone two years ago to buy but they will be going much higher
it was great having back on this weeks
the honolulu accommodations of are the perfect merger of beauty and function
“this isn’t some game you are screwing with the work of the president of the united states” john dowd march 2018 with north korea china the middle east and so much more there is not much time to be thinking about this especially since there was no russian “collusion”
it is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative” – think big
rt thank you elko county nevada so much amazing feedback from my forum today i really appreciate it trump2016 icymi ht…
thank you gettysburg pennsylvania! draintheswamp
we need your leadership in this country now please enter the prez ring
“he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious” sun tzu
the rally in cincinnati is on media put out false reports that it was cancelled! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
no that dope graydon carter has hit on me for 25 years his magazines always fail see spy
why is lightweight ag eric schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?
djt preserved the american dream after defeating president chelseas mother hillary in 2016
“ exclusive – we asked donald trump what jobs he would offer isis”
i have to say i fave no idea who is but i know is and he has great hotels whoiszucker true
isnt the world tired of hearing president obama say he knew nothing about anythingtime to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
if anyone can turn around this country and create jobs its it will not even be difficult
remember the old saying the more you learn the more you realize you dont know its true learning is a daily challenge
the developer of the scottish wind monstrosities vattenfall just laid off 2500 people and has serious financial difficulties
today we honor the fallen at pearlharbor 74 years ago today if you see a vet today thank them! rememberourvets
success tip achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau its a beginning
ralph northamwho is running for governor of virginiais fighting for the violent ms13 killer gangs and sanctuary cities vote ed gillespie!
i hope the fake news media keeps talking about wacky congresswoman wilson in that she as a representative is killing the democrat party!
it was my great honor to pay tribute to a vet who went above and beyond the call of duty to protect our comrades our country and our freedom!
backs down from nobody!! makeamericagreatagain trump2016 🇺🇸 🙌🏻
mothers looks and dads smarts shell go far true
i heard that the underachieving john king of on inside politics was one hour of lies happily few people are watching dead network!
and at wm23 was so great! that is a moment i will never forget! hof thanksmarissa!
you have to have big ideas but youve got to have energy to get them done ~ donald trump
way 2go! you created awareness for millions looking 4ward to and thanks butch
wow a really great review of my golf club in scotland in todaysgolfercouk thank you!
just out new ppp national poll has me in first place by a wide margin at 29 i wonder why only has not reported this? too bad!
join me in phoenix arizona today at 4 pm ! trump2016 americafirst
the success of donald trump
they say read a book itll make you smarter i say read a book by and you become more intelligent thanks
my interview with discussing whcd and my endorsement of
i have decided to postpone my trip to israel and to schedule my meeting with at a later date after i become president of the us
u sure could do a lot for the country!
he thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the govt doesnt respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us
watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold will be bad for the economy we could use some global warming
my interview re firing on the premiere of allstar and politics
he has the right business skills to lead our country back to the top
my interview yesterday with where i discuss dick cheney and china
donald i love your ties just set up a website online and millions of us will continue to buy your products
wow 25000 in san diego california!thank you!! trump2016
great shot by yesterday lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure
thanks no wonder our country is in such trouble!
rt this is the nytimes can you understand why so many reporters are cautious about working for them?
i saw trump tower in chicago on foxit looks beautiful! congratulations! love the trump sign too
“a very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent” – think like a champion
if we could afford it would you support it? no
you were great with on tonight thank you for your kind words we will keep americans safe
obama just stated he didnt take school seriously made bad choices and got high then how the hell did he get into columbia and harvard?
the celebapprentice post will it ever be the same?
in my administration every american will be treated equally protected equally and honored equally debate bigleaguetruth
florida ethics commission advocate comes down hard on rubio so do two people who worked with him said he used the wrong credit card! sure
havent seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate trump2016
top hillary adviser mocked plotted attacks on prosanders civil rights leader draintheswamp
i cant believe the yankees continue to pay a rod they have a perfect right to stop paying and should have stopped a long time ago
thank you brian france bill elliott and nascar trump2016 votetrump
the 13th season of all star is unique we really pushed the envelope here our great and loyal fans will love it
is so inept that i think he simply made a mistake in originally scheduling the joint session on september 7th just sad
the failing has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly they are willing to say anything has become a laughingstock rag!
is my role model one of the best americans out there thank you mike
thanksand good luck!
congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is security based! we need to make america safe! usa🇺🇸
never said it a total misquote
trump won the third debate
entrepreneurs realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort youre in charge everything starts with you
having a good relationship with russia is a good thing not a bad thing only stupid people or fools would think that it is bad! we
really sad that republicans would allow themselves to be used in a clinton ad lindsey graham romney flake sass supreme court remember!
just listened to you on fox i love you so much thank you!
not that it matters but i never fired james comey because of russia! the corrupt mainstream media loves to keep pushing that narrative but they know it is not true!
thanks go angelo people are now really aware of my ties shirts and cuff links at macys
come home to nyc and put your name on all the buildings you want chicagosucksanyway
we need a 21st century meritbased immigration system chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security
i unfairly get audited by the irs almost every single year i have rich friends who never get audited i wonder why?
the more the progressives and rinos poke at the donaldtrump the stronger he gets and more real people like him!
cant wait to visit this location one day! keep up the great work mr trump! thanks!
it takes guts to win!
losers and haters are invited to watch celebrity apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn
have you been watching how saudi arabia has been taunting our very dumb political leaders to protect them from isis why arent they paying?
i heard poorly rated speaks badly of me dont watch anymore then how come low iq crazy mika along with psycho joe came
rt we had a special visitor yesterday thank you for meeting with spending time with our team and…
i am so proud of my daughter ivanka to be abused and treated so badly by the media and to still hold her head so high is truly wonderful!
join me for a 3 pm rally tomorrow at the midamerica center in council bluffs iowa! tickets …
great news that has cancelled the additional debate how many times can the same people ask the same question? i beat cruz debating
entrepreneurship is engine of american success i bring it to crowdfunding w/ $1m record reward
arizona cardinal darnell dockett mogul donald trump tweet same message i was playgiarized!
“the cheapest natural gas in the world is in the united states”
phoenix convention center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat so they let them in a great day!
thank you dayton ohio! 20000 supporters largest in airport history! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
thank you rob!
north korea has agreed to suspend all nuclear tests and close up a major test site this is very good news for north korea and the world big progress! look forward to our summit
i would vote an infinite number of times for my man trump! trump2016
hannity you good sir are a great american and created a lot of jobs not like a looney lib! god bless
if doesnt become the next president then that just shows how dumb america really is trump nice thanks!
received message last night from xi jinping of china that his meeting with kim jong un went very well and that kim looks forward to his meeting with me in the meantime and unfortunately maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
i am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes
little i want the money not the plaque you gave me!
congrats to on winning the mayors award for lifetime achievement! i love barbara!
insurgents in iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacksus wastes trillions
check out trump international hotel tower new york spectacular!
what’s funny about the name “fkface von clownstick” it was not coined by jon leibowitz he stole it from some moron on twitter
team trump with the recipients of our donations in the rockaways sandy
i had fun appearing in the video for carly rae jepsens callmemaybe for missusa 2012
dont believe the liesevery budget has delivered to congress raises the income tax on everyone
can you imagine if said about obama what he said about me orangutan etc—the press would run him out of the country
was right correct infrastructure wouldnt even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed
great read by “mexicos hypocrisy is evident in its own strict policy toward immigrants”
that chant gave me sweet sweet chills!! usa 🇺🇸 america
what can you learn today that you didnt know before? set the bar high do the best you possibly can
cant win no matter what the truth is sometimes
james comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the fbi
i will be interviewed on the at 7 30 enjoy!
trump is the only real candidate he is only saying what we all know much crime comes from illegal immigrants fact!
i want to see run for president
have a great good friday and a happy easter
we know you would make a great president but talk about a beautiful first lady! so true!
thank you nashua new hampshire! makeamericagreatagain trump2016 nhpolitics fitn
huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut social security medicare and medicaid i will
our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting now look what is happening all over europe and indeed the world a horrible mess!
today i signed the global war on terrorism war memorial act hr873 the bill authorizescont➡️
i will be speaking the night before the rnc in sarasota fl when i receive the statesman of the year award
thank you nevada! we will make america safe and great again!
i will be on tonight at 8 00 enjoy!
trump for presidentgeorge will doesnt know business or what this young generation cares about
it’s tuesday how many terrible predictions and advice will karl 16 rove make today?
thank you newt!
the booing at the nfl football game last night when the entire dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest i have ever heard great anger
no bush no clinton no rinos no golfing no more handouts!! its got to be time for trump2016
donald trump tells a fascinating inside story about his dealings w/ the obama wh
would you consider running for pres in 2016? that absolutely could happen our country needs help fast!
re cpac “the crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of trump’s address something his operative said he planned to do
this country is in dire need of a leader who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone you are that leader!
allstar celebrity continues to dominate the sunday 10 pm slot in every key demographic still hot after 13 seasons!
remember republicans are 50 in congressional races this year the media refuses to mention this i said gillespie and moore would lose for very different reasons and they did i also predicted “i” would win republicans will do well in 2018 very well!
without focus its just impossible to be successful at anything midas touch
hi mr trump i was at the new ferry point golf club today and it is beautiful! thanks enjoy!
as a candidate i promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working american families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country now we are just days away
brandi g getoffmytv goes first hopefully
together our task is to strengthen our families to build up our communities to serve our citizens and to celebrate american greatness as a shining example to the world
honored to host a luncheon for african leaders this afternoon great discussions on the challenges and opportunities facing our nations today
not even a little bitthanks
i would like to thank reince priebus for his service and dedication to his country we accomplished a lot together and i am proud of him!
rt fact when obamacare was signed cbo estimated that 23m would be covered in 2017 they were off by 100 only 103m people…
sen has announced his retirement a major proponent of obamacare baucus now says it’s a ‘huge train wreck’
we should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t… cont
i will replace it with private plans health savings accounts and allow purchasing across state lines maximum choice and freedom for consumer
happy armedforcesday to our great military men and women for their selfless service to our nation!
as usual the obamacare premiums will be up the dems own it but we will repeal and replace and have great healthcare soon after tax cuts!
tomorrow the house will vote on a strong farm bill which includes work requirements we must support our nation’s great farmers!
i will bring our jobs back to the us and keep our companies from leaving nobody else can do it our economy will sing again
young entrepreneurs – always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from
its because of people like you the bombings happened in the first place oh i see its my fault!
“ announces to create golf course for trump world golf club dubai” via
without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing find work that you love and the energy will be there
watch as i humiliate a dais full of talent trumproast airs tonight at 10 30/9 30c on comedy central
statesman of the year in sarasota fl on sunday nightwill be terrifica total sellout
another racist remark by you danny are you a racist?
i bet you never heard this before your hired
my husband and i think youre so awesome!! we cant wait to come to nyc one day and see the trump towers! great!
hey mr trump do you like canada?? love canada and its people!
rt the media had its worst week ever! and break it down on
then on june 25th back to the usa to make america great again!
breitbart gets it! vote nowobama should release his college application records and grades he says he loves cont
interview with discussing the economy and politics
rove is suffering from defeatism makeamericagreatagain
trump tower in chicago is a masterpiece that completes a gorgeous skyline! thanks!
massive crowds expected in mississippi tomorrow night look forward to it! 2015 in photos
and this is the bimbo thats asking presidential questions?
“obama doesn’t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us he thinks that the wealth you create cont
don’t believe the manipulated job numbers walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory
thank you for joining us at the lincoln memorial tonight a very special evening! together we are going to make am…
answer to your questions i will be voting at 10 30 am at lighthouse international 110 east 60th street manhattan
trump stands for truth
key obamacare premiums to jump 25 next year
rt jobs added during time in office
sig and johnny damon are good guys met damon several times last at eric trumps st judes event he is always the gentleman
no doubt the would have been a better president than obama true!
at st jude childrens research hospital i am proud of you eric
the blue monster at trump national doral
yes! hubby and i voted 4 already! thank you
trump dominant screams headline in todays tampa bay times trump2016
obamacare is one of the worst political disasters of all time 4992343 americans losing coverage less than 50ooo new signups
after many years of leaks going on in washington it is great to see the ag taking action! for national security the tougher the better!
thank you wilmington north carolina we are 3 days away from the change youve been waiting for your entire life!…
is this really america? terrible!
only you can make it great again your plan is the only one inside reality make america great with trump
yesand thanks
katherine webb gets a donald trump job offer says shes shocked about the attention via
hypocrite is the single biggest beneficiary of citizens united in history by far debate bigleaguetruth
“i also plan to keep making deals big deals and right around the clock” – the art of the deal
excited for cpac true inspiration to many americans thank you
the republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election how could they lose to obama?!
went into your hotel on 5th avenue today its amazing nicejob thanks
the us under my administration is completely rebuilding its military and theyre spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equi pm ent anywhere in the world being built right now i want peace through strength!
if you run for president i would vote for you this country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician
sold guns to the mexican drug cartels they were used in the murders of americans where is the outrage?
good!!
is there enough room for and egos in nyc at the same time? yes!
president obama played golf yesterday???
paul ryan a man who doesnt know how to win including failed run four years ago must start focusing on the budget military vets etc
china scorns us cyber espionage chargeschina does not respect us and feels obama is a dummy
i should have easily won the trump university case on summary judgement but have a judge gonzalo curiel who is totally biased against me
people are happy that i left the trump tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out
he is a loser who will selfdestruct just like
great briefing this afternoon on the start of our southern border wall!
cnbc titans donald trump will be shown friday nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am sunday 11/21 at 9 pm and 11/24 at 7 pm
gotta respect donald greta if ever anyone nailed obama for who and what he really is and has done its donald
having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishmentmidas touch
visit the highly acclaimed trump international hotel and tower chicago and its exceptional sixteen restaurant
went to the yankees game last night with bill oreillywe had a great time watching the yankees win!
not only did the $1b obamacare website not work it can’t even protect your personal information a disaster
postdebate via thank you! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
happy valentines day!
thx for the rtwhat is a good book i can read that can help me in starting my business? the art of the deal and midas touch
join me in wilmington ohio tomorrow at 4 00 pm ! it is time to draintheswamp! tickets
ohio is losing jobs to mexico now losing ford and many others kasich is weak on illegal immigration we need strong borders now!
is hillary really protecting women?
lots of great new pollsbig leads!
it was really strange when hillary was missing from the podium last night not very presidential!
congrats on new book a little bit vulnerable youre a breath of fresh air in the political forum
thanks bobby
believe you can and youre halfway therepres theodore roosevelt
what do you think obama will do when putin seizes alaska?
thanks wusong
join me live from the rose garden at 1 30 pm e with prime minister alexis tsipras of greece ➡️
this is more than a campaign it is a movement makeamericagreatagainsign up today and we will win!
chinas economy is now projected to overtake the us as the worlds largest economy by 2027 timetogettough
run tramp run!!!!
someone incorrectly stated that the phrase drain the swamp was no longer being used by me actually we will always be trying to dts
while under no obligation to do so i have raised between 5 and 6 million dollars including 1million dollars from me for our veterans nice!
hes saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in america has done an cont
it was the childishly written and taunting pr statement by fox that made me not do the debate more so than lightweight reporter
the united states cannot continue to make such bad onesided trade deals there are only so many jobs we can give up no more!
california shooting looks very bad good luck to law enforcement and god bless this is when our police are so appreciated!
hey everyone! just found an awesome twitter account that you should check out!!! its called very cool
china is stealing our jobs we need to demand china stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage
intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results voting machines not touched!
how is chris christie running the state of nj which is deeply troubled when he is spending all of his time in nh? new jerseyans not happy!
best show on television
im watching it again right now in california
you must be doing something right cause the left has circled the war wagons stay strong in your convictions we love it!!
thanks jenny
congratulations are in order! ranks 5 top hotel in panama by travelerschoice awards!
when i left conference room for short meetings with japan and other countries i asked ivanka to hold seat very standard angela m agrees!
“don’t toss off your problems and don’t dwell on them either deal with them!” – think like a champion
“trump signs lease for a nh office returns monday” via by
donald looking to clean house and run for president?
big day for healthcare working hard!
scary president obama told boehner that the government doesnt have a spending problem
the bigger problem with ebola is all of the people coming into the us from west africa who may be infected with the disease stop flights!
now that ken frazier of merck pharma has resigned from presidents manufacturing councilhe will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices!
buyamericanhireamerican🇺🇸watch➡️
i am really liking we need someone who will tell the truth 👍
a pic with from a long time ago throwbackthursday a wonderful son!
just said at ncgopcon that im not beholden to lobbyists and donors! no special interest would control me if i were in office
“you have to set higher and higher goals you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast” – think big
my statement as to whats happening in sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on concerning immigrants and sweden
i just retained sir nick faldo to be the architect of the red course at doralhe will do a tremendous job!
be sure to enjoy the ‘50th anniversary chicago international film festival’ at the windy city’s top hotel!
i changed parties to vote for you no one else measures up to you the gope needs a reality check our country is at stake
your new trump tower in vancouver looks fantastic im gonna pick up a unit just cant say no to 5star living motivation
entrepreneurs set your mind on winning and losing wont have a chance see yourself as victorious!
a government shutdown will be devastating to our militarysomething the dems care very little about!
the donald j trump presidential exploratory committee
our country is being torn apart from the insideits getting nasty out there
who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didnt win one race said im not a candidate until i file papers next week karl!
if we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border obama’s executive amnesty is dangerous
of the washington post just admitted that his picture was a fake fraud? showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in pensacola when in fact he knew the arena was packed as shown also on tv fake news he should be fired
leaking and even illegal classified leaking has been a big problem in washington for years failing and others must apologize!
i can’t believe he would choose as his first choice! she is hard to handle celebapprentice
crooked hillary clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes a formula for disaster!
bill oreilly doing a major special on tonight at 8 pm e watch it should be good! trump2016
do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things? absolutely!
west virginia was incredible last night crowds and enthusiasm were beyond gdp at 3 wow!dem governor became a republican last night
extraordinario concierto en doral con great concert at mayorluigiboria
the youth of america needs you mr trump they sure need someone and fast!
run for president!
“the most important political office is that of the private citizen” justice louis d brandeis
get a life george will usa doesnt make anything anymore trump will bring manufacturing back to usa!
if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching
if youre president ill move to the states tomorrow ! trump worldleader you are hired thanks!
rt confirms fbi found emails on anthonyweiner computer related to hillary clinton server that are new and not p…
id work for for free i love that!
“in the end you’re measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish the art of the deal
i have been leading big in all polls with two more today and the nbc poll is more than double next at 29 fiorina has 11
today i was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the keystonepipeline a grea…
keepıng ıt real on davıd letterman 👍👍
would be the next best in guy next to ralph to own a franchise like the ❤️
going to dc for big groundbreaking on old post office site will be spectacular new hotel lots of jobs!
sadly i’m probably helping lowly rated show—but charity will benefit by $5 million so it’s worth it
texas lc george p bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do and i back him now also ac sid miller has been with me from the beginning he is “trump’s man in texas” also support comptroller glenn hegar and railroad commissioner christi craddick
trumpvlog is very inconsiderate
am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event? miss universe on nov 9th yes!
heres a sneak peek at the convention theme its not our fault blame bush oh and government built it
“i succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking”
via donald trump promises tough and mean and nasty celebrity apprentice
time to draintheswamp in washington dc and vote trumppence16 on 11/8/2016 together we will make america safe…
ukrainian efforts to sabotage trump campaign quietly working to boost clinton so where is the investigation ag
do you have the guts to debate jon stewart? he would never do it he couldnt use his writers
obama loves wasting our money he just made another guarantee of $197m to a solar company cronyism!
big cpac straw poll results 93 approve of the job president trump is doing thank you! 50 say president trump should tweet more or same funny! 79 say republicans in congress should do a better job of working with president trump starting to happen
if the govt shuts down it is because obama wants to make working americans buy obamacare while businesses and govt are exempt
at some point sgt bergdahl will have to explain his capture in 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon many questions!
join me live as we recognize the first responders to the june 14th shooting involving teamscalise
the miami heat looked great tonight congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in miami trump national doral
thanks to our loyal viewers and fans last night’s topped all the demos and grew 24 in our regular slot premiere
chris cuomo in his interview with sen blumenthal never asked him about his longterm lie about his brave service in vietnam fake news !
rise high in affordable luxury trump parc stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces
after seven years of talking repeal and replace the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding obamacare!
thanks is an amazing guy
oversaw unemployment increase by 179249 while decreased unemployment in indiana by 113826…
wow trump international hotel and tower toronto was just ranked 1 out of 138 hotels in toronto!
has sold guns to mexican drug lords while his doj erodes our 2nd amendment rights
i cant wait for the big show tomorrow ive had it circled on the calendar for months great blake!
look great for thanksgiving trump signature collection exclusively available offers top mens styles
do not listen don you are great and should be presidant thanks
if you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude study great man!
oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill our country would be rich againwho needs opec
looks like the line has started be sure to join me for book signing starting at 11am to 2 pm here in trump tower
i employ many people in the state of virginia jobs jobs jobs! crooked hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with nafta
the feds actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future that would be cont
american steel and american hands have constructed a 100000 ton message to the world american might is second to none! ussgeraldrford usa
democrat jon ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesnt even live in district
fema and first responders are doing a great job in puerto rico massive food and water delivered docks and electric grid dead locals trying
votetrump2016 and together we will makeamericagreatagain! thank you for your support!
if you were in washington this country would be in better shape wow thank you for caring so much!
if it was the goal of russia to create discord disruption and chaos within the us then with all of the committee hearings investigations and party hatred they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams they are laughing their asses off in moscow get smart america!
i wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living i was looking to make a statement” – donald trump
dopey same people voting over and over again? andy murray 1 by far
thinks that when republicans drop out of the race someone will pick up all of that vote the fact is i will get much of it!
entrepreneurs keep your momentum see yourself as victorious and leading a winning team keep everyone moving forward
we need trump now! obama isnt protecting americans !!
i appreciate your use of twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency very dishonest media!
will be a great oscar host he did an amazing job at my roast
thank you louisiana! get out and vote for john kennedy tomorrow electing kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal…
thanks i think!
ceo john schnatte has told shareholders that obamacare will force him to raise pizza prices repeal!
highest stock market ever best economic numbers in years unemployment lowest in 17 years wages raising border secure sc no wh chaos!
due to popular demand returns to the 13th season of allstar lisas fans wont be disappointed!
saw this and had to share! he wants to be you! love it!!!! u r his hero! so cute!
now that it’s almost over i can’t believe that unions and management couldn’t save twinkies etcamp management just got a $175m bonus
does anyone read anymore im sure itll be sold for a dollar just like news week
can you tell me if there is any retail outlets in canada that sell your apparel will get back to you!
will be giving a full pardon to dinesh d’souza today he was treated very unfairly by our government!
it’s tuesday how many jobs has obamacare cost the economy today?
a trump presidency would make us great again make made in usa 1 put more $$$ in pockets of every american trump2016
your time on the david letterman show was so much more interesting than dr phil on kimmel show you look good id vote 4 u
“all our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them” – walt disney
bill your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back trump country will soar!
my interview discussing my fundraiser in trump intl hotel las vegas and the state of the cont
africa can solve its own problems with stronger institutions less corruption and impunity ohhh
rt ironic since hillary has gotten a lot more of that dark unaccountable money into her campaign debates
time for republicans and democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works much less expensive and far better!
celebrate thanksgiving with exclusive viewing access to the 88th annual thanksgiving parade®
vote 4 and derekhough 01 tonight! shes doing a great job on dancing with the stars dwts and a good person 18008683401
on our way to trump international las vegas! its our favorite place to stay! trumplasvegas thanks
thanks cam
good move by in downgrading to a dead weekend spot this is truly a guy who shouldnt be on tv
china is heavily investing in building its own jet engine they will end up stealing the design from us as usual
i got george zimmerman right watch
great job mr trump! i will be 100 in your corner if you choose to make america great again!
america has lost its aaa rating and gained over $6t in debt under and now he wants to raise the debt ceilingscary!
the competition tries to fake it till they make it trump the real deal!
just finishing midas touchthank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book thx
big announcement in ames iowa on tuesday! you will not want to miss this rally! trump2016
thank you we would love to have you!
will be interviewed by on at 7 30 am enjoy!
officials behind the now discredited dossier plead the fifth justice department and/or fbi should immediately release who paid for it
crookedhillary job application
i will be live tweeting show in 10 minutes should be interesting will be on fox network! enjoy!
i will unveil my first campaign ads on at 6 30am tomorrow enjoy! makeamericagreatagain
thank you south carolina! we will make america safe and great again!
just played trump aberdeen yesterday might just be the best golf experience ive ever had! great thanks!
success requires 100 of your focus and 100 of your effort dont sell yourself short
the hooters cruise is a bust literally
happy birthday and good luck!
seems like it!
in new quinnipiac poll 66 of people feel the economy is “excellent or good” that is the highest number ever recorded by this poll
thats more than oreilly did and he is supposed to be my friend youre terrific!
via “most americans label obama presidency a failure”
we all love you in mexico donald! you are our role model!! thanks!
jobs jobs jobs! unemployment claims have fallen to a 45year low together we are making the economy great again!
it was my great honor to host a roundtable re ms13 yesterday in bethpage new york democrats must abandon their resistance to border security so that we can support law enforcement and save innocent lives!
putin knows that obama is a danger to the world putin will respect president trump true!
the spotlight has finally been put on the lowlife leakers! they will be caught!
utahcaucus message from utcaucus makeamericagreatagain trump2016
the art of the deal 1 business book over 3 million copies sold forbes article from oct 20 2014
i have no greater privilege than to serve as your commanderinchief happy birthday to the incredible men and women
breathtaking!! finally trump has begun the rebuilding of our nations capital sir well done thanks
eliot spitzer was a horrible governor and ag who ruined many good people and cost the country billions of dollars in losses and jobs
remember go votewe need real change this time
just arrived in indianapolis indiana to make an announcement on taxreform! together we are going to make america great again!
“remember people’s names and small details about them use both in conversation
rt “president trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy tax cut bonuses to more than 2000000 workers…
newly released nh poll has with a 1 point lead mitt will pull away next week
miss peru universe 2008 karol castillo passed away last night missuniverse missperu a wonderful person
john mccain couldn’t get him to release “it” and neither could hillary clinton—but donald did!
was a disaster also
get the popcorn donald trump plans to livetweet the cnndebate demdebate
it was awesome! trumponly great crowd! wonderful
the us has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death be smart
nyc terrorist was happy as he asked to hang isis flag in his hospital room he killed 8 people badly injured 12 should get death penalty!
has pres obama or the white house told the public what happened in algeria yet? where’s the media?
nevada a quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote!
my interview from yesterday with discussing the economy my trip to australia cont
you look fab! they were so lucky to have you in the kitchen 😉 go kate go!
the best social program by far is a job! our jobs are being taken away from us by china and many other countries incompetent leader
one by one we are keeping our promises on the border on energy on jobs on regulations big changes are happening!
i agree with pat buchanan that you sir are a man of action! thank you!
sc freedom summit full speech djt
because you tell it like it is and the liberal media cant stand it! keep blasting away!thx
i dont care if she jumps on the train be gr8 if she were just fair and balanced
very entertaining interview with last quote in article is hilarious thank you
somebody said the first casualty of war is truth somebody tell kerry to take dt with him to negotiate the russian surrender
true thanks
if you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged and you carry a gun shoot the bastard teach them a lesson!
on cpw in nyc is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city celebapprentice
rt jared kushner didnt suggest russian communications channel in meeting source says
wow eliot spitzer has lost great news for new york city!
thanksa great building
almost universal support that trump won the debate only is consistantly fighting the trump win and i got them the ratings!
is what we millennials need i used to support that socialist from vt what a mistake
rt trump at signing of fosta sesta bill we are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou…
the best investors are visionaries—they look beyond the present
only you know the truth donald!!! please run for president only you can save the usa
best of luck to my good friend derek jeter on his first game today back at shortstop captain is a warrior and winner
regularly features contestants on his show we love his support and he’s a terrific hosttonight omarosa
ill be on monday at 7 30 am
wow putin is really taking advantage of president obama it is important that obama responds with strength and determinationbe smartcool!
new cnn/orc poll 1 w/ 24 favorability rating on the rise while jebs declines 60 among women!!
“americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness” – pres ronald reagan
helluva job donald i expected nothing less speaking ur mind in this country is becoming extinct
whether you think you can or think you cantyoure right henry ford
another hit piece by cnn what? were not biased!
plans to build wind farm near trump turnberry in scotland have been dropped great!
from the great author of rich dad poor dad robert kiyosaki here is a very nice article
we enjoy hosting tourists in they come from all over the world to see the atrium a nyc landmark
the plane i saw on television was the hostage plane in geneva switzerland not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to iran!
i let come back on the record 13th season of ‘all star’ after he relentlessly begged me togood tv
a long time ago thanks
doesnt the us have better things to do than to destroy an american hero for the world to see? now other cont
dont believe the polls they are just another phony hit job on me i will beat hillary clinton easily in the general election
ft hood jihadi nidal hassan has been paid over $300g in army salary while on trial his victims are deprived of any benefits
spoke to roy moore of alabama last night for the first time sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race he will help to maga!
backstage with before opening skit great fun!
stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown markets like being left alone for a day
rt thanks new hampshire!!! nh newhampshire maga
less than one week away from implementation obamacare’s small business exchanges are not ready! a disaster!
barack obama has everything to gain why would anyone ever deny $5m to charity?
hillary clinton reaches new low trumpvlog
even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51 some really good things need 60 so many great future bills and budgets need 60 votes
can you imagine if had passed cap and trade?! energy costs would be double from already record highs
i certainly didin spades
everyone is excited for return to allstar be warned this time gary is even more insane!
individual commitment to a group effort is what makes a team work a company work a society work a civilization work vince lombardi
i read your book trump 101 the way to success and i absolutely love it thanks good luck!
just finished speaking in jacksonville florida incredible crowd fantastic people thank you!
big congrats to on your dc hotel ground breaking thank you
via the washington post inside the world of donald trumps super fans
let me put this as plainly as i know how irans nuclear program must be stoppedby any and all means necessary period timetogettough
very intense!! celebapprentice
fact – amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform
this month we celebrate the contributions of asian americans and pacific islanders that enrich our nation
in love with the best book that i ever read ! why we want you to be rich and robert kiyosaki
we should start an immediate investigation into and his ties to russia and putin a total hypocrite!
it is clinton and sanders people who disrupted my rally in chicago and then they say i must talk to my people phony politicians!
we must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the ebola infected areas of africa—before it is too late
tomorrow i will be tweeting on only one subject!
via by myra perlee “got a great idea? get donald trump to fund it”
donnie how does trump compare to cosmo in vegas askdonnie far superior!
thearseniohallshow well it had to happen people that are disloyal in the long run never make it arsenio was just cancelled!
i wish the wall street journal had reported the just out iowa poll correctly i lead by a wide margin13 points going up big!
for what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve aristotle
“when you expect things to happen strangely enough they do happen” j p morgan
last night’s allstar once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager the buck stops there
so many people who have children with autism have thanked me—amazing response they know far better than fudged up reports!
govt collapsing in iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops sadly i called this one and please remember i alone called it
i requested that mitch m and paul r tie the debt ceiling legislation into the popular va bill which just passed for easy approval they
when fox news tries to push jeb on their viewers remind them of this article
statement on the iran nuclear deal
i hope comes through with his $5 million offer which i fully accepted or i will be forced to sue him all goes to charity!
why aren’t they firing no talent samantha bee for the horrible language used on her low ratings show? a total double standard but that’s ok we are winning and will be doing so for a long time to come!
i am on at 7 00 am enjoy!
join governor mike pence in reno nevada tonight at 7 pm ! tickets available at
thank you alex!
really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election turn us around
volunteer to be a trump election observer sign up today! makeamericagreatagain
donald trump calls out obama thank you for calling out this idiot!
mr trump you could become the best potus of all time your business scorecard speaks for itself thanks
bernie madoff and tony la russa in todays trumpvlog
rt join on saturday for national day of action as we work to makeamericagreatagain! https /…
come celebrate thanksgiving in the windy city at 5 star 5 diamond sixteen restaurant
“ we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts gary player”
rt but there is something we will do on electionday show up and vote for the 2a! defendthesecond neverhillary
my husband honored by the wharton school of finance the joseph wharton award congratulations! 👏
first there was the declaration of independence then there was the constitution now there is timetogettough available today
why was the hanukah celebration held in the white house two weeks early? wants to vacation in hawaii in late december sad
all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bushobama mess wow it can be done!
wiprimary will defeat isis and makeamericagreatagain
“special council is told to find crimes wether crimes exist or not i was opposed the the selection of mueller to be special council i still am opposed to it i think president trump was right when he said there never should have been a special council appointed because
timetogettough presents bold solutions on taxes national security the debt dealing with opec and china and defeating
our steel and aluminum industries and many others have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world we must not let our country companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer we want free fair and smart trade!
thanksand good luck
were all thinking of you teamscalise
when will the pga tour be coming to trump national? march 5th
coming to the sc freedom summit!! this event keeps getting better
russia talk is fake news put out by the dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
conservatives cant afford to be sidelined again they need a viable candidate for the wh run donald run!!
thank you indiana! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
famous brit inserted himself into russell brand donald trump feud and chose a surprising side wiunion
join me on monday april 4th in milwaukee! wiprimary trump2016tickets
what a great credit to donald trump thanks
it means lying or making up stories sorry i don’t see michael doing that despite the horrible witch hunt and the dishonest media!
this russian connection nonsense is merely an attempt to coverup the many mistakes made in hillary clintons losing campaign
i will do far more for women than hillary and i will keep our country safe something which she will not be able to dono strength/stamina!
today my administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs for the american people we will have tougher negotiation more competition and much lower prices at the pharmacy counter!
on sunday jerome bettis the bus from the pittsburgh steelers will play at trump intl golf club/palm beach against julius erving dr j
i am having a really hard time watching
most people can learn from their own experiences quite well but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others the way to the top
record crowd in tampa florida thank you! we will win florida draintheswamp in washington dc and make america…
as bernie sanders said hillary clinton has bad judgement bills meeting was probably initiated and demanded by hillary!
thanks for the golf course in the bronx! what else do you have planned for us? hispanics/latinos love trump! and i love them!
the djt foundation unlike most foundations never paid fees rent salaries or any expenses 100 of money goes to wonderful charities!
makeamericagreatagain trump2016unifying the nationvideo
dont care what you say is spot on with his comments on gov issues! keeps it real and honest! respect best!
mr t pls buy the nytimes and turn it around for the truth! these lib papers r cowards in challenging this admin
left paris for usa will be heading to new jersey and attending the uswomensopen their most important tournament this afternoon
amy is terrific!
the successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way dale carnegie
marybrigidmcmanamon clarified how commonlaw is used to interpret meaning of naturalborn tedcruz
rt breaking news us employers added 209000 jobs in july unemployment rate down to 43 jobsreport
the democrats dropped all references to god from their platform not good!
thank you grand rapids michigan! time to end political correctness and secure our homeland!
must be thinking of north korea celebapprentice
he is a loserandy murray is a winner!
mitch get back to work and put repeal and replace tax reform and cuts and a great infrastructure bill on my desk for signing you can do it!
“attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference” winston churchill
tried yr mobile app to check out yr hotel rates in doral app works effortlessly is easy to use to book rooms unlike obamacare
wonderful ideals on we need a phenomenal president like you!
via donald trump puts tea party on map for 2016
time for usa to get back on track trump for president
guess who is talking to at not terrible hair!
our greatest weakness lies in giving up the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more timethomas a edison
is doing very badly i can say from experience their reporting is terrible and highly inaccurate sadly they are now irrelevant!
you did a good job ivanka great show!
scaryamerica would have had to pay all its gdp to the government to cover real 2011 budget deficit
walker and bush want to be like trump my mom88 they sound like boys compared to trump
congress’ greatest card against obama is the power of the purse use it!
rt daca is probably dead because the democrats don’t really want it they just want to talk and take desperately needed m…
if i would have offered obama a billion dollars to show his records he would have refused
univision execs are hypocritesthey dish out the most discrimination you should highlight that point
with $250m of renovations trump intl dc’s 250 expansive guest rooms will be dcs top offering of amenities and views
cares far more about mexico than it does about the us are they controlled by the mexican government?
little you illegally used my name for your song “donald trump” which now has over 75 million hits
him and sailor jerry
a simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs unfortunately washington is incapable of simplifying anything
obama has zero credibility on oil and coal if we do not win energy as a country we just do not win period!
“we have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork” milton friedman
we all must be united and condemn all that hate stands for there is no place for this kind of violence in america lets come together as one!
with wrestlemania coming up any chance of renewing your rivalry with yourefired ask vince!
to be really successful it is always good to have a cool head warm heart and beautiful common touch!
together we dream of a korea that is free a peninsula that is safe and families that are reunited once again!
hi please run for president and make the world a better place thanks
obama schumer and pelosi did nothing about north korea and now weak on crime high tax schumer is telling me what to do at the summit the dems could never set up schumer failed with north korea and iran we don’t need his advice!
entrepreneurs in the best negotiations everyone wins this is a possibility and its the ideal situation to strive for
you are the best mr trump
“john brennan is panicking he has disgraced himself he has disgraced the country he has disgraced the entire intelligence community he is the one man who is largely responsible for the destruction of american’s faith in the intelligence community and in some people at the
to be completed this yeartrump int’l golf club dubai will feature a 7205yard par 71 and doublesided driving range
spoke to president of mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site
inside trump tower in nyc! what a beautiful building! thanks!
congratulations to for being number one in inauguration ratings they were many times higher than fake news public is smart!
violent crime is rising across the united states yet the dnc convention ignored it crime reduction will be one of my top priorities
so obamas top people responsible for obamacare think the american public is stupid! all based on lies and deception! repubs should sue
sad it has come to this clown on tv and selling nail clippers online ask for a job?
my golf club in westchester a great place!
the united nations security council just voted 150 to sanction north korea china and russia voted with us very big financial impact!
played there recently and loved it great fair track fantastic condition
will there be a new season of celebrity apprentice? yes!
thanks for rochester rally great people thank you!
does anyone really believe that president obama found out about petraeus immediately after the election?
at the end of the day obama won the battleground states by less than 500000 votes this was a winnable race gop needs to do better!
anticipate change and embrace it recognize new develo pm ents that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors
what do you think of jeb cancelling his iowa rally last night ? i went he didnt!
everybody get on the trump train!! its a first class oneway ticket to the white house with trump2016
everyone loves donald because hell tell it like it is without any political sugarcoating and doublespeak
donald trump our next president of the united states! trump2016 thank you
thanks sonny!
thank you working hard!
celebapprentice just turned me into a fan love the new season!!
greati would rather it be hereby far
when someone attacks me i always attack backexcept 100x more this has nothing to do with a tirade but rather a way of life!
unbelievable evening just made a speech in front 17000 amazing new yorkers in bethpage long island great to be home!
crooked hillary says we must call on saudi arabia and other countries to stop funding hate i am calling on contd
just bought a tie from its beautiful great style great they are top quality at reasonable price
will be on at 7 00 15 minutes! enjoy
today americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of who lost their lives in our nation’s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential
have enough problems around the world without yet another one when i am president russia will respect us far more than they do now and
happy new year from maralago! thank you to my great family for all of their support
amen! looking forward to a happy new year its been too long! votetrump2016
very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from north korea we will soon see where it will lead hopefully to long and enduring prosperity and peace only time and talent will tell!
great job on oreilly stay who you are its refreshing staystrong
this is going to be a great season! great cast!
nice lil cliff hanger youve created much suspense very edge of seat wow
via whoa trump changing venues for saturday rally in arizona due to overwhelming response
just left a great event in pella going to church tomorrow in muscatine iowa
is the right man for the job trump2016
if trump is serious about buying the bills and keeping them in buffalo sign me up he’s a gamechanger thx
letterman was great last night i had a lot of fun you could see his audience really wanted obama to take the $ for charity
good news is going to fight back against rove’s attack on the tea party go get em!
i dont graydon carter sends it to me free!
obamas ideas dont move us forward they take us backwards these are ideas people come to america to get away from
sunday march 3rd on at 9 pm est
votetrumpnh nhprimary fitn
i promoted the hell out of trump tower but i also had a great product the art of the deal
do you think iran would have acted so tough if they were russian sailors? our country was humiliated
its a plain fact free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone cont
our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except of course the democrats after many years we have taken care of our military now we have to fix our roads bridges tunnels airports and more bipartisan make deal dems?
the economy wont fully recover until is fully repealed it is a job killer!
happy firstrespondersday to all of our heroes out there we are forever grateful to you for your service sacrifice and courage 24/7/365!
the celebrity apprentice sunday night at 9 pm on nbc another great episode!
“talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships” – michael jordan
is 100 right the us supreme court should do the right thing and overturn obamacare or the country cont
donald trump for president of the united states! make it happen!
and an awesome restaurant! thanks
soonthanks
rich people are rich because they solve difficult problems ~ donald trump
how do you spend over $635m on websites and they dont work?
as prime minister why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in scotland that nobody wants?
join me in phoenix arizona tomorrow at 4 pm ! trump2016 americafirst
what an awesome night! celebapprentice
thanks evan and good luck
im going to dc today to check on the hotel im building on penn ave and then being honored by the wharton school of finance the best!
i want donald trump to be president he knows business and people he needs to be in the oval office now
do you think bloomberg is a good mayor? yes!
thank you will see you soon trumppence16
getting the support of of ufc means a lot a total winner who has done an amazing job just ordered his fight to watch tonight!
please to inform that the champion pittsburgh penguins of the nhl will be joining me at the white house for ceremony great team!
i want to thank all my friends in macon for the special evening and great reception what a crowd of incredible people!
do not give up keep moving forward
texas georgia and many more vote early! this is a movement! trump2016 vote video
border wall prototypes underway!
hi lexxay
when does the next season start? cant end something this good!
just watched on television just another all talk no action politician truly doesnt have a clue! worst voting record in sen
why did liberate libya and do nothing for the iranian protestors? iran is a threat to our national security
“the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it” – the art of the deal
enjoyed watching analysis of my interview great points! thank you monica
the needs the happy easter!
he is reading off the teleprompter but that is ok in this case
the us is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses but any business that leaves our country for another country
cannot wait!!!
in other words russia was against trump in the 2016 election and why not i want strong military and low oil prices witch hunt!
with a worldrenowned openair lobby w/ ocean views and top restaurants is honolulu’s premier hotel
our country is being run by total amateurs let’s just call it “amateur hour”
youre a legend thanks ray i know!
trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money not waste it true
in chicago were still mourning loss of once great marshall fields to mediocre macys screw macys!
we have put a great team together for our talks with north korea meetings are currently taking place concerning summit and more kim young chol the vice chairman of north korea heading now to new york solid response to my letter thank you!
just met with general petraeuswas very impressed!
i cant believe would renew graydon carters contract
the football program at penn state should be suspended
despite what the haters and losers like to say i never filed for bankruptcy but wow the preeminent gaming company caesars just did
26000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last yearand that is just the number that is reported many do not want to report
crazy election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting this is very bad unfair for republicans!
my interview discussing interest rates the deficit timing and the doral
watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! why didnt these people vote? celebs hurt cause badly
what about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women in front of her father in san fran get smart!
obamas disastrous judgment gave us isis rise of iran and the worst economic numbers since the great depression!
the socalled angry crowds in home districts of some republicans are actually in numerous cases planned out by liberal activists sad!
america’s most reliable bellwether county has fallen for great story thanks!
why is it that fox loved you until you declared as a candidate??? good question!
great coordination between agencies at all levels of government continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with thousands rescued
arod’s forgery defense is blown the more he lies the worse its going to get want out of his contract
rt 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
everyone is laughing at the for the lame hit piece they did on me and womeni gave them many names of women i helpedrefused to use
the highly neurotic debbie wasserman schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a crooked hillary victory shes out!
whether you like it or not bush also gave us obama!
i hope that he runs also! we need a real leader in dc
spoke at the congressional retreat in philadelphia pa this afternoon w/ th…
many people are saying that the iranians killed the scientist who helped the us because of hillary clintons hacked emails
i like the donald becuz he is not afraid to speak the truth no matter what it is! therealdeal thank you
thank you let’s continue making america great again!
people are really liking the new ties and shirts are amazing and selling great!
nfl is forever changed and im afraid in ten years it will be gone or flag football
davidi hear you are jealous and angry that forbes got the award over youtwo losers!
incredible crowd in richmond virginia tonight! so much spirit and energy! makeamericagreatagain
not only does obamacare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall
george ross and i have done some great real estate deals together he’s a tough negotiator celebapprentice
designed by new villa deluxe guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends
i really liked everyone at the hall of fame ceremonyfantastic people!
obamacare has 21 tax hikes theres now only one solutiondefeat this november! gomitt
the fake and fraudulent news media is working hard to convince republicans and others i should not use social media but remember i won
much better enjoy it!
wacky congresswoman wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the republican party a disaster for dems you watch her in action and vote r!
one of the greatest tributes to a father i have ever witnessedgiven to the great by his wonderful son
crooked hillary said that i couldnt handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign reallyi just beat 16 people and am beating her!
im a trump fan even though i live outside the us but i like what i read and see from him he takes no bs! true!
thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the hiddenheroes proud to be a texas fellow
totally!
better off? the $16t us debt works out to $136260 per household a 50 increase since took office
would bring us back from this mess put us in runforpresident 2016 true!
thank you for fighting for our marine! youre welcome
will be signing the biggest ever tax cut and reform bill in 30 minutes in oval office will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill
may god forever bless the united states of america neverforget911
there will never be anyone as funny i bet
glad to hear clint eastwood endorsed he understands that america needs a big boost to be strong again
via by “ to design trump course in dubai”
rt congratulations to the 2017 yankee stadium champions iowa
fox news poll thank you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
wishing everyone a very happy holiday season!
via donald trump to speak at lincoln day dinner at the showplace in novi
wow—golf magazine just named trump scotland “best new course”
you need to be the president thank you
you are a true american not like some of these others love your macys ties!!! love your books!thanks
i hope that derek jeter has such a fantastic year with that he changes his mind about retiring great guy!
“give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day” samuel goldwyn
one of the alltime greats a true spiritual leader and wonderful person keep up the good fight!
its amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the wall street journal in particular a real dope named charles lane!
love every minute of celebapprentice
this very expensive global warming bullshit has got to stop our planet is freezing record low tempsand our gw scientists are stuck in ice
i hope youll announce youre running for president soon america needs a smart leader w/ true love for country like you
is so awesome!! man of natl unmatched merit every1 needs trump! a leader can rule elect excelent prez!!
enjoying the olympics great coverage by as well go team usa!
go to work be smart think positively and win! quote
putins letter is a masterpiece for russia and a disaster for the us he is lecturing to our presidentnever has our country looked to weak
plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries which are highly combustible as cargo fire could have started in cockpit
please please please donald trump run for president i have been saying this for a long time you are awesome
it was just announcedby sourcesthat no charges will be brought against crooked hillary clinton like i said the system is totally rigged!
why is the congress focusing on amnesty when so many americans are unemployed?
ohio women for trump
rt and meet w/ some of americas finest on the uss kearsarge off the coast of pr
piers did a great jobthe interview was very important
excellent article read to the end thanks mark and keep up the great fight!
i was thrilled to be back congratulations to the class of 2017! this is your day and youve earned it…
our trade deal with china is moving along nicely but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure in that this will be too hard to get done and to verify results after completion
dr ben carson will just need to sweat it out until donald trump leaves the white house on 20 january 2025
dont sell yourself short on something that is important today is just the beginning think like a champion
we traveled the world to strengthen longstanding alliances and to form new partnerships see more at …
everybody is arguing whether or not it is a ban call it what you want it is about keeping bad people with bad intentions out of country!
if karl rove and establishment continue to attack the tea party who delivered in 2010 then there will be a 3rd party in 2016
i like john mccain but we have to start rebuilding the united states instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail be smart!
great poll numbers just coming out of new hampshire big lead for trump according to
what matters is where you want to go focus in the right direction! donald wojubeforeyouvote
obama has blocked ice officers and bp from doing their jobs that ends when i am president!
via the political insider “donald trump just received the best news possible!”
welcome to the new reality is now letting china buy us banks the us government is selling us out
good luck to the people of scotland whatever their decision may be on thursday the whole world is watching—really exciting!
the democrats obamacare is imploding massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped dems should call me to fix!
the failing new york times foiled us attempt to kill the single most wanted terroristalbaghdaditheir sick agenda over national security
wikileaks clintonkaine even lied about timing of veep pick
trumpon america needs you in office now! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
everybody is asking about my announcement this wednesday concerning barack obamajust wait and see!
paired very well with letterman tonight thanks!
playing there this weekend trumpphilly great!
do you ever notice that gives me very little proper representation on my policies just watchednobody knew anything about my foreign p
i hope everyone is having a great christmas then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to make america great again which is happening faster than anyone anticipated!
by the way new york state must lower taxes and fast and must start going after all of the energy that lies just below our feet now!
“to keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values know when to give back” – think big
thank you nashville tennessee!
i beg you to run stay tuned!
its freezing and snowing in new yorkwe need global warming!
how long until a trump golf course hosts a major? very soon!
spygate could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
playing aberdeen course tommorow heard its amazing soon find out enjoy!
youre making deals with nondealmakers on the us government and that is a real problem!
awesome teams tonight !!! priceless
trumpvlog trouble in paradise for clintons
i fully understand your question
blue ribbon commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? bad idea
why do so many people despise you? because i am so handsome!
why would smart voters want to put democrats in congress in 2018 election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the election people are much better off now not to mention isis va judges strong border 2nd a tax cuts and more?
remember tonight monday the second and third episodes of the apprentice are on at 8 00 and 9 00 great ratings last night 18 49 fun!
think its time for the donald to make a surprise visit to raw speak to vince!
dam right let them fight among themselves save our men and womens lives save our money none of our bus
in every interview new york magazine has done for years they ask the same question what do you think of donald trump? beggars!
ellisget well soon!
dope!
“this investigation involved far more surveillance than we ever had any idea about it wasn’t just a wiretap against a campaign aideit was secretly gathering information on the trump campaignpeople call that spyingthis is unprecedented and scandalous” mollie hemingway
you may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 presidential election please consider i will!
help me i am depressed keep your chin up!
rt counting down the days until the swearing in of and check in here for the latest updates …
dopeyi have never filed for bankruptcy as you know!
iraq is more dangerous today than any time under saddam war was a mistake as i said from the very beginning bush and obama should apologize
it is a sad commentary little boy marco rubio cant win in his home state floridians despise him as a opportunist phony
house democrats want a shutdown for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular just passed tax cuts house republicans don’t let this happen pass the cr today and keep our government open!
hurricane irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen be safe and get out of its wayif possible federal g is ready!
the statement about leaving the base came directly from cbs evening news
happy new year to all of my jewish friends and supporters shana tova hopefully it will be a great year!
jerry buss was a great guy and friend he will be missed!
i was putting together my early deals in new york and i was advised by many that i was too young believe in yourself and you can do anything
trump chicago is the best hotel in the world sitting in rebar with a fabulous view! thankyou
crooked hillary has never created a job in her life we will create 25 million jobs think she can do that? not a c…
you can have the best product in the world but if people dont know about it its not going to be worth much the art of the deal
thats ok! the more they talk the better potus trump looks!
crooked foundation is a criminal enterprise time to draintheswamp! bigleaguetruth debate
the ratings for the view are really low nicole wallace and molly sims are a disaster get new cast or just put it to sleep dead tv
congrats to the house for passing the va mission act yesterday without this funding our veterans will be forced to stand in never ending lines in order to receive care putting politics over our veterans care is unacceptable – senate must vote yes on this bill by memorial day!
excited to hear what trump has in store for turnberry if anything like we are in for a treat! it will be great!
going to this weekend to get ties! whats your favorite color mr trump? blue but all are great!
robinson establishment didnt get trump fall they want thank you!
thank you very much for the nice story i greatly appreciate it
the usga boys junior champion at trump national golf club bedminster just won the australian open we are proud of you
make $ while others sleep!
was just briefed on the shooting at youtube’s hq in san bruno california our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved thank you to our phenomenal law enforcement officers and first responders that are currently on the scene
can you imagine if bush’s administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of americans?! democrats are such hypocrites
i watched parts of saturday night live last night it is a totally onesided biased show nothing funny at all equal time for us?
obamas war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years 4 more years??
listen to what said he just summed up what all the fans feel about the league
is innocent italian government should pay for this travesty
i wish good luck to all of the republican candidates that traveled to california to beg for money etc from the koch brothers puppets?
pm abe and i are also working to improve the trading relationship between the us and japan something we have to do the us seeks a bilateral deal with japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity we’re working hard to reduce our trade imbalance
the va scandal will only get worse over the time our vets deserve the best care possible we must be open to private solutions
this week we saw what obama care actually does when implemented it is a losing issue for and must be repealed
morning joes weakness is its low ratings i dont watch anymore but i heard he went wild against rudy giuliani and 2a sad and irrelevant!
donald trumps speech is a game changer trump2016
thank you i am going to make america great again!
unfortunately the good men like trump only run for president once a century thank you
offering true luxury has spectacular restaurants olympic pools and six professional tennis courts
i am very impressed by his return to this season’s showed who dennis really iswhich is very good
did anyone just see on he nailed it
rt told tillerson he had the full support of the us govt to bring ottowarmbier home…
ha i didnt have to watch the 2014oscars thanks for keeping me updated
overall the academy awards were very average at best
vattenfall ceo stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years a changing market
please rate her miss indonesia one of fadils fave
obama stop the flights to and from west africa now before it is too late! cant you see whats happening? can you be that thick stupid?
you are a god !!! of real estate a great compliment and true thanks!
it shows class act by doing the ice bucket challenge unlike our president thank you
has worked so hard on tax reductions illegal immigration the border and crime i need jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep making america great again! he will be a fantastic senator for the great state of ohio and has my full endorsement!
rt national pearl harbor remembrance day “a day that will live in infamy!” december 7 1941
chriswallace who interviewed me on sunday had his highest ratings since feb of 09 congratulations!
i look forward to hitting obama hard tonight for lying about benghazi cia told obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs
hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected real estate weekly
thanks for coming to raleigh mr trump i enjoyed every minute of your epic speech! thanks
you are the greatest and you can make this nation 1 in the world just as it once was
i cant wait for celeb apprentice my favoutite show of all time love the donald!!
trump national golf club charlotte is the premiere club in north carolina will visit tomorrow
both barack and were excellent at the al smith dinner last night!
my interview on discussing the china curse
doesnt have better things to do like investigating ted cruise? you cant even spell his name!
does any republican have the ability to negotiate?
needs to make regret that he ever asked for his tax records
what do you say now???
what advice would you give to someone who is really addicted to alcohol??? tough deal but can be lickedaa
why obama is giving up the element of surprise in syria perhaps because he is stupid?
this is the definition of ransom ⬇
new zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!
the iran deal is defective at its core if we do nothing we know what will happen in just a short time the world’s leading state sponsor of terror will be on the cusp of acquiring the world’s most dangerous weapons
is carson hallucinating? now lies about westpoint?
john menard of menards home improvement stores in midwest treats employees horribly should they form a union?
my interview with on fox news for those who missed it obamas constantly on vacation
was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom had he brought lorenzo in he would not have been fired
the transpacific partnership will increase our trade deficits and send even more jobs overseas this is a bad deal time for smart trade!
never had the stinking nymag but if i did i would cancel for the trump! its dead anyway!
ohhow i respect you a billionairea family manand a tv star! thanks
john was greateverybody misses him best wishes
holy shit! amazing! trump2016
kick ass in 2016! im on board mr trump
the yuan hit another record high against the dollar china is laughing at our expense
if only japan had the same courtesy dec 1941 they should have told us they were coming like us with syria!
my interview discussing how is running a hateful campaign and the convention surprise
my friends son immediate autism after vaccines 10 yrs ago so sad keep up good work naysayers will understand soon
the public is about to learn a lot more information on barack obama and his true background in the coming weeks…
obama’s 2014 budget “eyes $1 trillion hike in tax revenue” he loves taxes tea taxed enough already
please correct i won virginia!
your an awesome roll model can you please tweet me back? thanks
is my role model!! thank you
big vote tomorrow in the house tax cuts are getting close!
please mrtrump america needs someone like you to help our country trump 2016 for president thank you!
makeamericagreatagain 6days
clapper has now admitted that there was spying in my campaign large dollars were paid to the spy far beyond normal starting to look like one of the biggest political scandals in us history spygate a terrible thing!
thats such a clichè!! you can do better than that! but it is so true and will never change
icahn kravis apollo and most othersbut nobody says they went bankrupt!
it was such an honor to meet today in new hampshire! what a great man! nh business
facebook billionaire gives up his us citizenship in order to save taxes i guess 38 billion isnt enough for cont
which means president trump !
karl rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400m—not one win—the republicans better get smart next time
glad to hear that has put some strong antichina referendums in the convention platform
this was the reporters statement when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune
love your sense of humorlol your rallies are amazing were standing behind you 1000
if ronald reagan and jfk were alive theyd both be voting for president!
people ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first timethey are never prepared or maybe just very nervous!
and arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom celebapprentice
than his destruction of scotland’s magnificent lands
join us in sparks nevada today! nevadacaucus votetrumpnv
i wonder if nbc will have rachelmaddow interview donald trump before the olympics? would get great ratings!
lol rt the country needs trump in 2016!
shockeven more solar corruption chief of staffs firm got biggest doe loan
if and would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts and reform
new orders for manufacturing down 9/10 months time for fair trade stop tpp!
friendship can be really tested only in bad times ~ donald trump quotes realestate homes blog buyingtips
congrats to senator mcconnell and kellen guida on yesterday’s successful tea party caucus
we have tremendous economic power over china if our leaders knew how to use it which they dont! chinas economy would collapse without us
awesome as always! thanks!
making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art andy warhol
expect the best from people they will rise to the challenge and its important to inspire confidence
im very proud of my daughter ivanka great interview
also was it the lawyers that lost or the client they represented? both!
saw your interviewyou are the best! great questions great answers lod.c.reat
“the questions are an intrusion into the president’s article 2 powers under the constitution to fire any executive branch employeewhat the president was thinking is an outrageousas to the president’s unfettered power to fire anyone” joe digenova former us attorney
new hampshire vote today make america great again!
looks like anthony weiner is throughmost recent poll has him deeply in last place good news
mrtrump speaks the truth and will not back down!! thats why he will be our next president!! makeamericagreatagain
rt it is emotional day being back at in celebration of our dear friend colin! he was a beautiful child who we will all…
thank you for your support! americafirst leadright2016
on this joyous holiday i am thankful to for being the bright light that guides america home
i know!
loved being on this morning great show!
cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts pence vs the other guyso obvious so true!
trumpvlog china is laughing at us
to be a winner think like a winner practice positive thinkingwith reality checks
please keep fighting three in one is a cheap but dangerous solution
we are all wondering who likes in tonights fight! mayweathercanelo sohohouse mayweather!
on behalf of melania and myself thank you poland!🇺🇸🇵🇱 icymi watch here➡️ potusinpoland
even the and editorial boards condemned justice ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach what was she thinking?
we need a president that is for the usa donald trump knows how to make an empire yvncg incbuffy
donald trump will do this country good! he is a businessman and will know how to grow our economy
you were right back in january when you said boeing was the stock to buy thank you!
since november 8th election day the stock market has posted $32 trillion in gains and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high jobs!
the democrats have said some of the worst things about james comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad!
is trying to set up putting her in loser seats celebapprentice
jobs jobs jobs! maga🇺🇸
never said anything derogatory about haitians other than haiti is obviously a very poor and troubled country never said “take them out” made up by dems i have a wonderful relationship with haitians probably should record future meetings unfortunately no trust!
hillary clinton’s presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country she is illfit with bad judgment
is so negative it is impossible to watch terrible panel angry haters bill o said such an amazing thing about me!
the ever dwindling which is worth about 1/10 of what it was purchased for is always hitting me politically who cares!
thank you wilmington north carolina! makeamericagreatagain
looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight lincolnreagan dinner in virginia
hey hillary america will feel much safer once youve failed to get into office
not even close dummy he is strictly small time
just flew your helicopter from national to doral best run operation period you are the man mr trump!
cpac 2013 donald trump immigration reform is a ‘suicide mission’ for gop by
see you at 7 00 pm tonight phoenix arizona! maga🇺🇸tickets
via by “exclusive — donald trump to speak at cpac”
allstar has done the impossible tvs greatest villain and are in competition fireworks!
a confidential source has called my office and told me that has added over $6t to the new national debt and ruined us credit
trump is the only person capable of fixing this corrupt bankrupt divided country! makeamericagreatagain
via by “ open the national at the old post office pavilion”
via jailed us pastors wife praises trump i hope more people like him will speak out
as the phony russian witch hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold democrats and russians!
a clip of my speech talking about the importance of the election and our countrys potential via
gop trumps fearless war with univision only increases his appeal breitbart
to tom brady and giselebest wishes on the birth of your daughter tom is a great player and great friend
have you ever considered running for office with warren buffett? talk about a power ticket for 2016
via by “donald trump i want to run for president ‘so badly’”
comic bombed at university of texas at arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—i told you so!
i only said i was on four weeks ago with putin—never said i was in green room separate pieces—great ratings!
sucks when says what most of us think and gets punished for it scares us
is always nice to listen to you because you answer and not dodge the questions!
now another obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the richs stuff who is this guy? wheres the media?
new bloomberg poll trump leads big
my friend was fantastic on the this morning—a star!
rt sec mattis if north korea fires missile at us its game on
tbt and i 20 years ago
obama “i will control ebola” obama “if you like your health care plan you can keep your healthcare plan”
just arrived at camp david where i am closely watching the path and doings of hurricane harvey as it strengthens to a category 3 be safe!
rt breaking top fbi investigator for muellerpeter strzokbusted sending political text messages bashing trump and praising…
browse donald trumps summer reading list for business success at the trump university blog
we need your kind of honesty desperately please get into the presidential race
congratulations to for being selected as best of vip access 2014 by
priorities while obama wastes billions on a broken website he is going to cut military pay no surprise
thanks jaynie
crooked hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she short circuited when answering a question on her emails very dangerous!
and dont forget that foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in wisconsin
at least came to her senses asksean
right on! “success breeds success the best way to impress people is through results thanks dolly!
jeb has been confused for forty years
dopey ive won them all
we need leaders who can negotiate great deals for americans it is common sense let’s make america great again!
poll wow! new hampshire trump 38 carson 12 bush 8 south carolina trump 40 carson 23 cruz 8 iowa trump 27 carson 27
‘must act immediately’ clinton charity lawyer told execs they were breaking the law
thank you mr trump for standing up for our country! votetrump2016 join me on the trumptrain🚂
not his per se? a friday document dump shows allhandsondeck as solyndra collapsed lies
crooked hillary colluded w/fbi and doj and media is covering up to protect her its a riggedsystem! our country d…
then run for president! !! sick of the crap going on in the white house thanks
another four yearsnot good for the country but well have to live with it!
“results are what mattera series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement” think like a champion
attention arnold palmer happy birthday arnold there is no one like you the king!
your apparel is unparalleled! in order to outsmart the rest you always need to be looking your best! trump 2016!
either is great
nothing like hearing say youre fired twice in one night! tomorrow night 8/7 cst!👊😜 celebapprentice
please send me your new number your old one’s not working sincerely donald j trump
why arent the lawyers looking at and using the federal court decision in boston which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
we finally have a voice with let’s do our part and vote in the primary 4 trump2016 trumparmy
breitbart gets it! vote now should release his college application records and grades he says he cont
looks amazing in 2000
spoke to uk prime minister theresa may today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in london she is strong and doing very well
rt join peotus trump and vpeotus pence live in west allis wisconsin! thankyoutour2016 maga https /…
michael mcewan of bunkered magazine recently had the opportunity to meet mrtrump
“circumstances are beyond human control but our conduct is in our own power” benjamin disraeli
the donaldtrump and sites of his 5 career holes in one 4 sites btw pga14annual
obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine we must all focus now on electing this november
keystone xl should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling and fracking our own resources would be an economic windfall
when true golfers see what i do at doral it will be the hottest club in the country sayfie news max
love your show!!! thanks
u rock don
if we could force russia china and other competitors to use obamacare we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success!
the maralago club the crown jewel of palm beach is a landmark in the national register of historic places
congratulations to for being named one of the “best of vip access” hotels for 2014 by
getting ready to go on two great people!
we are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana!
ignore them mr trump dont waste your time sounds like a personal problem for them losers!
exclusive — video interview bill clinton accuser juanita broaddrick relives brutal rapes
rush i am in la inspecting property big job creator and listening to you you are truly fantasticthanks!
the 48000 sq ft spa boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments
mexico has taken advantage of the us for long enough massive trade deficits and little help on the very weak border must change now!
i didnt suggest a databasea reporter did we must defeat islamic terrorism and have surveillance including a watch list to protect america
got my autographed book yesterday cant wait to read it you got them scared to death! love it great!
i am returning to the pensacola bay center in florida friday 9/9/16 at 7 pm join me!
a winning attitude will put everything in perspective keep negative thoughts and people where they belongout of the big picture
took another swipe at the state of israel for building in their capital jerusalem on a jewish hol… cont
friendlyfriday michael jackson with donald trump michael was very misunderstood a great talent
china is buying gas fields in texas and stealing our corporate secrets
will protect and defend the constitution debate bigleaguetruth draintheswamp
thanks i appreciate it
you mean the fact that my father left me some money as a good father will and i multiplied it many many times to over $10 billionis bad?
even if youre on the right track youll get run over if you just sit there will rogers
thanks jake
a happy and healthy family
cruz just lied again i am and have been totally against obamacare repeal and replace!
prime minister and on behalf of melania and myself thank you for the invitation…
you know what is great about you you didnt just chase a dream you envisioned one thank you
via “most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the west”
i still love derek he is a winner!
the great barbara walters interviews melania trump and me on a special friday night at 10 00 on abc…
most likely in february
so many stories about me in the are fake news they are as bad as ratings challenged lobbyist for amazon and taxes?
fox trump haters r scared because they lose trump is winning
would be nice if learned how to read the polls before writing his next story probably done on purpose but not good reporting!
rt dems dont really believe trump is a pawn of russia thats just their political tool
first responders have been doing heroic work their courage and devotion has saved countless lives – they represent the very best of america!
dont worry west coast etc we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs celebapprentice
why wont obama release his college applications? is there something foreign about them?
isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of iraq and will soon have control of massive oil reserves i told you so
saudi arabia is already paying isis
sad!
you are terrific always great job on the apprentice
“don’t let the fear of striking out hold you back” – babe ruth
i cant believe they let her back on the view shes god awful aswell anything “
let me sum this up for you
so true
trump natl golf club philadelphia is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning tom fazio designed coursefantastic!
this sunday’s live finale of puts against watch two great competitors battle to win!
i am confident when american public gets to know the race will go his way hes honorable and successful manpolls looking good
melania will be on qvc tomorrow night at 9 pm et to introduce her beautiful and inspiring melania timepieces fashion jewelry collection
there are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big and create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends think big
my int on china the economy and my upcoming keynote at leadership summit
i told you so our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals
whether its the original or celebrity versioni love
thank you florida a movement that has never been seen before and will never be seen again lets get out amp…
as everybody knows but the haters and losers refuse to acknowledge i do not wear a “wig” my hair may not be perfect but it’s mine
you really rocked them hard in sc rubio and cruz were pummled so glad jeb is gone! next no liar!
take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake remain open to new ideas remain fluid not fixed in your expectations
there are no words to describe this my boss is awesome! … thanks larry
great new ad from titled nothings free detailing both the high costs and taxes of obamacare
“ interview gabriela isler reflects as her reign winds down” via
love the sign in chicago its got class
i take great pride watching skaters enjoy the trump rink in central park from my officeworlds best skating rink
thank you novi michigan! get out and vote trumppence16 on 11/8 together we will make america great again!…
i played it yesterday and i have to say it was the best golf course ive ever played thank youso true!
whens good for me to head down to doral with the boys? kimmitchell in september
defund it or own it if you fund it youre for it
the ratings of the cycle on msnbc a sad and pathetic show are way down if they fired racist moron a truly stupid guy they live!
heard your interview on siriusxm radio from fox news i was thinking scott walker but now going trump card all the way
looks like is having some problems with his rock center with brian williams showi hate to see such bad ratings for
ill be on greta van susterens show tonight at 10 pm on fox news tune in
where can i find more trump tiesthey are the best ties ive ever owned at trump tower 57th and fifth
the russian witch hunt hoax continues all because jeff sessions didn’t tell me he was going to recuse himselfi would have quickly picked someone else so much time and money wasted so many lives ruinedand sessions knew better than most that there was no collusion!
please run and run please help us liberate america from obamas maladies!
the media is corrupt! we the people are fighting with you
im currently 16 years old ill be eligible to vote next election fix obamas mess and run you have my vote! trump2016
obama and democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture the world is laughing at us—they think we are fools!
my interview with from the olympics 100 day countdown in times square
it was my great honor to welcome mayor’s from across america to the wh my administration will always support local government and listen to the leaders who know their communities best together we will usher in a bold new era of peace and prosperity!
just received a copy of new book a great read! sarah is a terrific person
this black democrat is on the trump train!!
president obama should visit macys and buy some beautiful trump silk ties
will attack iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election if the… cont
entrepreneurs success is good success with significance is even better
please run for president! this country needs you mr trump!!
it was helping iraq that caused this problem in the first place
my pleasure
every penny of the $7 billion going to africa as per obama will be stolen corruption is rampant!
geraldo rivera the hispanic omarosa
“always remember dress for the job you want not the job you have” – think like a billionaire
is a disaster despite the mandate there will still be 27m uninsured and premiums will rise at faster rate
have a good chance to win texas on tuesday cruz is a nasty guy not one senate endorsement and despite talk gets nothing done loser!
ben carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper and pathological disease i didn’t say it he did apology?
few people know that is still in business tell your writer alisa soloman that i left the apprentice to run for president
the full video of my speech libertys largest ever convocation crowd
and happy to welcome back as an advisor— he will have his own show and is doing great celebapprentice
the economy is in terrible shape is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth
very good meetings with north korea
up to 84 million followers cant stop the trumptrain 🚂 makeamericagreatagain
oh yes the next president of the united states my president donald trump in 2016
why do we keep putting the same people on the republican ticket for potus? romney? bush? cruz? paul? yourtimeisnow
a legitimate article about me
congrats mr trump you did great tonight you made us all proud yes! saying it againtrump 1
eight syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the us isis maybe? i told you so we need a big and beautiful wall!
don you have to run
join me on facebooklive as i conclude my final debate preparations
run for president you got my vote
ive been cheering u on for many moons but im afraid you dont have the passion to actually run in 16 well see
congrats on becoming a hof it can be argued that you are the reason wreslemania was so succesful
thank you to for the great timeline on all of the failures the obama administration had against russia including crimea syria and so much more we are now starting to win again!
amazing race tremendous courage you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason you have been a great governor!
you must admit that bryant gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around an arrogant dope with no talent failed at cbs etcwhy still on tv?
farmers have not been doing well for 15 years mexico canada china and others have treated them unfairly by the time i finish trade talks that will change big trade barriers against us farmers and other businesses will finally be broken massive trade deficits no longer!
housing prices will be going up big leaguea great time to buygood luck!
nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why taunt over and over again in order to provoke possible death to audience dumb!
i am on enjoy!
my interview on discussing the economy and witch hunt
thank you arizona i love you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
baracktax quote if you have health insurance youre not getting hit with a tax
i will rebuild the military take care of vets and make the world respect the us again! join me today info
it takes guts to be a brand you cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand midas touch
nations infrastructure is collapsing make america great again!make d move
awesome!
americas debt is greater than our gdp time for new thinking
rt another dem queasy over claim of loretta lynch meddling in clinton case
i look forward to attending saturday night live on sunday night i am sure it will be a great show
via the brody file the lesson evangelicals can learn from donald trump thank you david and cbn news so nice
will be calling the president of egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack with so much loss of life we have to get tougher and smarter than ever before and we will need the wall need the ban! god bless the people of egypt
we need strong tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again!
this summer is very tough for the nation’s worst ag moreland commission is his disaster
the republicans must face reality and create a strong and positive immigration policyif not they will continue to lose elections
you can bet your rearends that d t would have a strategy and would have a year ago great segment!
ill be tweeting live tonight starting at 9 pm et re dont worry other time zones i will give nothing away!
thank you florida keep me updated and lets get those 100000 registered voters! makeamericagreatagain
says he’s “glad” we had a hurricane! with many people dying and thousands hurting msnbc cont
“advertising is totally unnecessary unless you hope to make money” jef i richards
i like being nice to people
just watched so biased inaccurate and bad point after point just cant get much worse although is right up there!
wind turbines kill up to 39 million birds a year industry hides evidence of kills
donald in the house you nailed it down
just letting china know in advance that the usa will win the medal count in the olympics even with your cheating you cant beat us
thanks jennifer
the russia witch hunt is rapidly losing credibility house intelligence committee found no collusion coordination or anything else with russia so now the probe says ok what else is there? how about obstruction for a made up phony crimethere is no o it’s called fighting back
goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas pretended to be a native american in order to advance her career very racist!
work hard study read the art of the deal and midas touch
i am in baton rouge where the miss usa pageant will be shown live on nbc on sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 pm incredible show!
i spoke to my cousins in nh they said their whole town is talking about your great speech trump2016 thanks
an incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person ihave such tremendous respect for thank you sheldon!
with the $635 million dollar website fiasco getting caught tapping phones of world leaders and so much more us is looking really stupid!
and 1st met at wedding of when christie was us attorney in the bush admin true
do not go back into iraq unless they agree in a signed formal instrument to give the us 50 of their oil reservesmake the deal dummies!
delusionalobama actually thought that he won the debate what is he thinking?
rt “far right”? you mean “right so far” as in has been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high…
sounds niceand thanks happy new year to you and yours
the new winner of the pageant k lee graham
president obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in cuba especially in the shadows of brussels he is being treated badly!
ted nugent was obviously using a figure of speech unfortunate as it was it just shows the anger people have towards
i endorsed luther strange in the alabama primary he shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough can’t let schumer/pelosi win this race liberal jones would be bad!
it was a great honor to welcome the president of turkey recep tayyip erdoğan to the today!
happy to have just passed 15m followers on twitter we picked up over 14000 yesterday alone its great to speak to everyone daily
we wont see real change unless you become president! pleaserun 2016 thank you and true!
bringing true luxury to the windy city soars 92 levels over the chicago river
i cant believe republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made they are rapidly giving up all of their cards
the had a truly bad daymy advice is to go home forget about it and come back tough next year
congrats for being ranked 1 on and a travellers choice 2013 winner!
the opening statement about our once cherished and great fbi was so sad to watch james comeys leadership was a disaster!
the spa offers unique treatments that use traditional hawaiian botanicals and healing techniques
in april thanks
how come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in mississippi by two deranged animals death penalty!
america needs ! trump2016 buildthefence makeamericagreatagain
you said it best! makeamericagreatagain
ivanka trump will be interviewed on
jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored we are truly making america great again!
i wish there were more people in the world like you thanks for all you do your an awesome person thanks
imposing dunes on the aberdeenshire coastline championship course is a classical scottish links
2013 is the worst year ever for hollywood garbage released after garbage what is going on in these studios?!
theyre spending millions but youre still going to win go donald trump
many generals and military leaders are now saying i told you so! they say this will have big impact on military strength and national sec
often times being ‘innovative’ is simply putting together preexisting elements into something new be resourceful and expect success
word is that sleepy eyes chuck todd who has failed so badly with meet the press will be taking over for now irrelevant brian williams!
thank you fort lauderdale florida makeamericagreatagain
leaving for north carolina big crowd will be fun!
in the 10 30 pm et leadin to local news delivered a 31 percent margin of victory
via by “meet the latina 2014 candidates”
moderator hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending debate bigleaguetruth
just cancelled my subscription to boring news paper with no mojomust be losing a fortune founder cont
“the future is always beginning now” mark strand former poet laureate
really enjoyed discussing yesterday with i am a long time yankee fan
my 19 year old son logan is hoping you run in 2016 me too! thank you logan and erin
had a great time in myrtle beach tonight
loser danny is obsessed with trump
the has kicked off! well see you tomorrow! i look forward to it!
i am proud to announce our newest project trump tower mumbai together with the lodha group it will be incredible!
we have the final six—and is the last remaining member of team power he’s done a great job celebapprentice
cant wait to watch snl tomorrow a really big show!
stuart stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches romney campaignhis booketc why does put him on?
my interview from yesterday with apprentice andy on
via by “trump well bring american dream back”
great to have our incredible first lady back home in the white house melanie is feeling and doing really well thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
could you imagine bill belichek broadcasting to tom coughlin exactly when and where he was going to blitz?
he is on and hes great!
thank you for stepping up to help our fallen service heroes! thank you
do you think that missuniverse is like a world cup? totally agree
wow strzokpage the incompetent and corrupt fbi lovers have texts referring to a counterintelligence operation into the trump campaign dating way back to december 2015 spygate is in full force! is the mainstream media interested yet? big stuff!
this is a movement! rncincle
you were a terrible editor who got fired?and you were wrong
mark will go down in history as a clownish buffoon mark my words i agree with youand a loser!
in war there is no substitute for victory douglas macarthur
congratulations to kristian saucier a man who has served proudly in the navy on your newly found freedom now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
wrong decision but i understand why you did it ratings not really!
donald j trump ethics reform plan for washington dc
my fathers 4 step formula for success get in get it done get it done right and get out fred c trump
alternatives are important but first repubs must repeal obamacare its an unsustainable monstrosity thats destroying our healthcare
dont tread water get out there and go for it theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface
i will be announcing my decision on paris accord thursday at 3 00 pm the white house rose garden make america great again!
rt schumerroundscollins destroys the ability of to enforce immigration laws creating a mass amnesty for over 10 millio…
paula broadwells book on gen petreus is titled all in did she know something?
rt the trump effect “the us economy is running at its full potential for the first time in a decade” wsj
its about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats!
arod is now looking for an expensive home in beverly hillswhy arent the terminating his contract for misrepresentation?
gives terrible service and has many complaints just check is the best
i always tell people to vote for donald trump if he runs for president he knows the real deal!
do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership the answer is no and we better move fast!
rt since the fake news is full of distortions underreporting and lies we launched a platform tonight presenting a comprehensi…
the three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown!
hell yes! its gonna be fun
why would anyone in kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate rand paul re caucus made a fool of himself 1ky his 2nd choice!
chris farrell judicial watch “they were running an operation to undermine a candidate for president of the us these are all violations of law this is intelligence tradecraft to steer an election there’s nothing more grave when it comes to abuse of our intelligence system
trump nat’l westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in new york a great place
“the risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision” – maimonides
four more years of weakness with a crooked hillary administration is not acceptable look what has happened to the world with o and hillary!
cant imagine living a day in your shoes it must be remarkable but never easy!
discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success questions are thoughts with a quest think like a champion
its record cold all over the country and world where the hell is global warming we need some fast!
thank you! imwithyou
americans never quit general douglas macarthur
this is good news is now leading in michigan by 6 points according to
need democrats out so i hope republicans and tea party dont split the votes come election time ps love the apprentice
what’s it like to play donald trump’s ferry point golf course in the bronx?
rt i wonder what this brave american would give to stand on his own two legs just once more for our anthem?…
i don’t like seeing the pope standing at the checkout counter front desk of a hotel in order to pay his bill it’s not popelike!
honestlyyou cant find anyone more real than donald trump! a great compliment thanks!
thank you west virginia! all across the country americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal to make america great again!
“presidential proclamation commemorating the 50th anniversary of the vietnam war” ➡️ ➡️
politicians are all talk and no action bush and rubio couldnt answer simple question on iraq they will never make america great again!
on my way to cedar falls iowa now will be greati love the people of iowa!
rumor has it pataki kasich and senator lindsey graham are dropping out of the race very soon hope its not true theyre so easy to beat!
i don’t blame china i blame the incompetence of past admins for allowing china to take advantage of the us on trade leading up to a point where the us is losing $100s of billions how can you blame china for taking advantage of people that had no clue? i wouldve done same!
rt congress – house and senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed f…
survives another week of all star celebrity gary is shifty and playing to win
i wonder if traitor edward snowden will be attending the miss universe pageant in moscow on november 9th
via “watch donald trump he is patriotic and he can fix america”
there must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media incredible that some socalled journalists can make up lies and get away with it
i remember this episode hair still looks great!
gets it right
job bill contains the word tax over 330 timesthat will sure work!
thank you buffalo! nyprimary
dopey sugar are the worst kind of loser—a total fool
we need jobs and we need them fast i am a job creator none of the pols can or will lets make america great again!
id bet the horrible look of pinehurst translates into poor television ratings this is not what golf is about!
the oscars are a sad joke very much like our president so many things are wrong!
the last person corrupt hillary clinton wants to run against is donald j trump ill end up beating her in every state new fox polltrump!
without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing donald trump
please run for president its been a long time since weve had an honest president you are called to do great things
attn why did five of your staffers need fbi immunity?! bigleaguetruth debates
rt france vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured
watching the celebrity apprentice
long term goal gtgtgt to be the black 4realgreat dean and you will make it!
news week ending print editionsad now my news week covers mean nothingthey lost all credibility time to follow?
success is not the key to happiness happiness is the key to success if you love what you are doing youll be a success a schweitzer
just put in ad for a real estate executive “hard work low pay mean boss!”
horses went up also!
rt tune into right now to catch a great interview with my father and the entire family! 🇺🇸 votetrumppence16
bob beckel a commentator for fox is bad for the brand is close to incompetent
closely monitoring hurricaneharvey from camp david we are leaving nothing to chance city state and federal govs working great together!
this afternoon ill be speaking with neil cavuto on your world with neil cavuto 4 pm on fox news
when will give all the new york based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him
because of the hurricane i am extending my 5 million dollar offer for president obamas favorite charity until 12 pm on thursday
will be on live from new hampshire 7 00 am talking about the debate and more!
whats more important for the american public to have? tax returns or sealed records?
i have so much respect for he took down rosie revisitingthefight
me too thanks!
rt i will be strongly pushing comprehensive background checks with an emphasis on mental health raise age to 21 and end…
nothing you say will change my mind! woman for
thank you so nice
bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the dems the system is rigged against him he should run as an independent! run bernie run
i sleep better at night knowing u will soon be potus! thank you
“ in chicago and loving trump tower those letters look great
will make the best president ever
had a great time on this morning
i will be interviewed on good morning america tomorrow at 7 00 am big new abc poll coming out i hope i do well!
big day planned on national security tomorrow among many other things we will build the wall!
never give up gives an overview of projects and problems solved
time for trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world the usa!
the next president of united states my president donald trump in 2016
never allow the republicans to pass even great legislation 8 dems control will rarely get 60 vs 51 votes it is a repub death wish!
that was very well done! thanks for a good laugh to start the day!
fake news story of secret dinner with putin is sick all g 20 leaders and spouses were invited by the chancellor of germany press knew!
“president trump calls the usfrance relationship ‘unbreakable’ history shows he’s right”
why is delaying the sale of f16 aircraft to taiwan? wrong message to send to china timetogettough
will apologize to me just like she did when i was right about besides i get great ratings on the view
you were spot on about the game of football being boring too many flags
i am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate any negotiated increase by congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
icymi my int criticizing the gop on obamacare the new congress and 2016
i think you would be one of the great presidents! admiration and respect from canada mr trump! thanks
the failing writes false story after false story about me they dont even call to verify the facts of a story a fake news joke!
big g7 meetings today lots of very important matters under discussion first on the list of course is terrorism g7taormina
soon
once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country and its people how did he get thru system?
its going to take an outsider to clean up after clinton bush and obama lets make america great again!
the donald 2016
thanks piers
rt democrats are holding our military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration can’t let that hap…
do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the obama administration anymore the teflon president!
hey oh im real scared trumproast airs tonight at 10 30/9 30 on central
unprecedented success for our country in so many ways since the election record stock market strong on military crime borders and isis judicial strength and numbers lowest unemployment for women and all massive tax cuts end of individual mandate and so much more big 2018!
before kids can go places they need a place to go the motto of the police athletic league an organization im very proud to support
rt the administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce thanks kim for sharing your story! https …
thank you america! maga
five of our incredible secretaries are testifying on the hill this morning on the need to rebuild our nation’s crumbling infrastructure we need to build fast and we need to build for our future thank you for hosting this hearing! infrastructureinamerica
nominating chuck hagel for sod is the wrong move for obama he doesn’t need the fight too much political capital will be wasted
thank you concord north carolina! when we win on november 8th we are going to washington dc and we are going t…
well i would not take offense but find out what needs to be improved everything!
the real story turns out to be surveillance and leaking! find the leakers
please run for presidentwe need someone to save our country!really?
take a tour of this amazing penthouse in trump park avenue
inspiring! determination and perseverance will pay off the success of donald trump
w/ views of nycs skyline trump stamford is connecticut’s most luxurious high rise featuring trump amenities
order signed copy of crippled america and submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7 30 pm
to all young and old entrepreneurs believe in yourself talk yourself up! energize yourself and youll energize others
i dont understand why people hate you its crazy to me people should look up to you they do!
my interview where i discuss job council investigation and 2012 election
i bet the terrorists in libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called revolution to attack our embassy in benghazi
i have been a guest on the view many times when it was successful show now the show is dying for lack of ratings too bad!
the truth will soon be revealed and everyone will say was right! many people think so!
i urge all americans to participate in takebackday tomorrow! let’s come together and beat last october’s record of disposed prescription pills! visit to learn more on how to participate saturday and every day
when does celebrity apprentice start spring is in the air so i know it must be soon shooting in 2 weeks
really happy with how well the missuniverse pageant went
great new campaign ad just released by
readout of my meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu
goodnight everyone sleep tight!
i watched potus speech from europesame old tax and spend wont create jobs
i completely agree with dt here pinehurst looks bad i wouldnt pay $400 to play if it looked like that
i predicted rosie odonnell would fail at the view and was right now i predict rosie will take over for brian williams!
exactly marco has no accomplishments
president obama should ask the dnc about how they rigged the election against bernie
when in doubt obama fundraises he has held 393 fundraisers in six years another record
yesterday 15 senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws
your name on the building much ado about nothing thx 4 making such a beautiful addition to skyline thx
obama is tougher on wwii vets wanting to visit a dc memorial than iran he needs to show respect to our vets and not play games
you are a true role model of success thank you for being my inspiration trump2016 thank you
trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track go ahead and run for pres
so to all americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to mountain
i will be live tweeting during the debate tonight
discussing nypd chief kelly’s great record and the launch of the crowdfunding site
do you think the 14 african nations that are banning west africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? perhaps not!
many people in our country are asking what the “justice” department is going to do about the fact that totally crooked hillary after receiving a subpoena from the united states congress deleted and “acid washed” 33000 emails? no justice!
happy birthday to a truly great champion and person!
i will have set the all time record in primary votes in the republican party despite having to compete against 17 other people!
jimmy fallon show will be great tonight im on!
“how can you unite a country if you’ve written off tens of millions of americans?” deplorables bigleaguetruth debate
you need to run for president this country needs you trump2016 zip i know! oscars
since the obama administration was told way before the 2016 election that the russians were meddling why no action? focus on them not t!
once you consent to some concession you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are howard hughes
lets get your oval ass in that oval office trump2016 thanks i think!
mcallen texas 8 miles from us mexico border trump2016 video
this interview is great
theres definitely no love lost between piers and omarosa
no one knows more about business and the economy than you you are whats right for america!
do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? thats because they used knives and a truck!
great meeting with prime minister abe of japan who has just left florida talked in depth about north korea military and trade good things will happen!
was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it! trumptrainsnl trumponsnl makeamericagreatagain
i wonder if i can get a birthday tweet from for my birthday that would be awesome!
ill be on tomorrow at 7 30 am trumptuesday
trump is leading with almost every major group of republican primary voters
its hard to read the failing new york times or the amazon washington post because every story/opinion even if should be positive is bad!
come on mlb do the right thing! let into the hall no drugs—just hard work and talent!
you have to believe in what you want keep your focus keep your momentumand remain patient and persistent
tonight is the apprentice finaleand its a fantastic episode in every way with the great liza minnelli performing and a new apprentice!
briefing with director marc short and director mick mulvaney
rt unemployment is down to 41 lowest in 17 years 15 million new jobs created since i took office highest stock mark…
the trumping of turnberry via links magazine
the usc should be ruling any day now on hopefully we will get the right result
thank you for your great confidence! our state like our country is in serious trouble keep up the good fight
but hard work!
yeah youre really wearing out your welcome whos dominating the polls? you!!! go trump!
lots and yes
thanks really nice! i’m glad i did your show
dont forget! sunday night at 9 pm est on apprentice is back! tune in for a great show
kasich voted for nafta a disaster for ohio and now wants the even worse tpp approved vote trump and end this madness!
last night in orlando florida was incredible massive crowd thank you florida! today at 3 00 pm i will be in alabama for last rally!
brian i hope isnt paying you too muchlook at whats happening to nightly news
happy fathers day to all! i had a wonderful and loving father
i say flag day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety my birthday interesting
he says he will spend $1 b to get reelected i can match himpreserving my options
can you believe that the chinese would not give obama the proper stairway to get off his plane fight on tarmac!
good advice from my mother mary macleod trump “trust in god and be true to yourself”
have u all seen the trump episode of mighty planes? its very cool how professional the captain/pilot is! the plane is 1of a kind!
learn work and think in equal proportions and youll be going in the right direction
obama can release 5 senior taliban for a deserter but can’t make mexico release decorated marine sgt andrew tahmooressi pathetic
flashback donald trump would fire arod via 101712
great news from ireland—clare county council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel and golf course in doonbeg
if can build such a successful businessimagine the endless possibilities he could achieve as president! true!
the art of the deal and think like a champion would be helpful
the media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of melanias speech than the fbi spent on hillarys emails
rt in own words ⬇️ debates2016
the failing just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high i can fully understand that but why announce?
i find and his tweets thoroughly entertaining!
interesting case from uk re and abusive troll
today i introduced my contract with the american voter our economy will be strong and our people will be safe…
dont ever forget we will together make america great again!
just in—all efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failed—in fact the stoppers have become the abusers
dopey should be fired
trumps polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on tonight the young people are going to love him!
problem is that the acting head of the fbi and the person in charge of the hillary investigation andrew mccabe got $700000 from h for wife!
haters stop saying i went bankrupt it is not so i never went bankrupt
i will be on the record with greta van susteren tonight at 10 pm on fox news
pay to play politics crookedhillary
i wouldnt be watching at all!!! honestly!
a worldfamous testament to architectural excellence features a 60ft waterfall
made additional remarks on charlottesville and realize once again that the fake news media will never be satisfiedtruly bad people!
your daughter would be great on the view why not someone interesting for once ? now that would really work!
i am very proud of performance in the record 13th season of allstar watch
now china is helping iran smuggle nuclear parts china is not an ally but our countrys greatest threat and rival
cnn will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for hillary clinton
shes a criminal and youre the only person that can stop her
derek jeter what a return! he is the anti arod great leader have you met him? he is a great guy!
our country has the slowest growth since 1929 bigleaguetruth debate
we fully support in turnberrygreat for beauty and tourism wind turbines are death to environment
starting 2believe ujust may want 2run for presidency afterall uknow what they say reach for the 50 stars we need change
donald trump for president? that would be so awesome! nice!
great piece what ive learned
i love great people!
ed gillespie will turn the really bad virginia economy s around and fast strong on crime he might even save our great statues/heritage!
the next generation will be better off because trump was in the oval office!
the delegates at the convention keep shouting four more years four more years of 18 real unemployment and another $6t in debt?
i am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children this was a typically false news story
will be on at 7 00 this morning enjoy!
dope frank bruni said i called many people including karl rove loserstrue! i never called my friend a loser he’s a winner!
i hate to say it but the republican convention was far more interesting with a much more beautiful set than the democratic convention!
looking forward to being interviewed by sam clovis tomorrow at in sioux city at 10am ct! let’s make america great again!
whos the flip flopper? has never flip flopped on gay marriage
i hope so for the charitys sake
thank you geneva ohio if i am elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our countr…
for all of my fantastic supporters and for the usa we are going to win and make america great again maybe greater than ever before!
all i want for christmas is for to buy the
china already charges a tax of 16 on soybeans canada has all sorts of trade barriers on our agricultural products not acceptable!
can there be any doubt that mrtrump is the real deal! thank you!
join our next vice president in wisconsin tonight and michigan thursday!mi
look forward to watching gretas interview tonight at 700 pm with marine andrew tahmooressi marinefreed
“get to know yourselfyou can’t improve upon something you don’t understandthe more you ask the better youll know” vince lombardi
my speech to on tuesday at the npclunch on the topic of building a business brand via
with democrats spitzer dangerweiner and filner which party really has the war on women?
just did an interview with my friend congratulations to mark on his new show on
receiving lifetime achievement award chairing debut on jan19
i will be on on the record tonight at 7 pm
proudtobeafanof very successful and inspiring
via by “shock poll donald trump leads jeb bush 2620 … in florida”
so many people are seeing the benefits of the tax cut bill everyone is talking really nice to see!
obama’s speech on climate change was scary it will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel and food for everyone
is the poor mans left wing no ratings!
shell say anything and change nothing! maga bigleaguetruth
goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage see media—asking for increase!
i wonder if ever applied to occidental columbia or harvard as a foreign student when can we see cont
thank you and a great show! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
we need trump for president! i agree!
theres only only one person who has defunded medicare his name is
the republican house freedom caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory after so many bad years they were ready for a win!
for president! please mr trump 🙏
rt all americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visiting for critical updates on hurric…
our great veterans can now connect w/ their va healthcare team from anywhere using vavideoconnect available at
his specialties? vacations and campaigning jobs not so much!
if i wini am going to instruct my ag to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc theres never been anything like your lies
makeamericasafeagain
it was an honor to be inaugural guest on her new show ‘the real story’ gretchen will be a big success!
congrats to on the release of his new book “rush revere and the brave pilgrims” 1 on and must read!
how can any senator vote for hagel as sec of defense after that horrific hearing? he is not up for the job but will probably get it
wow what a nice honor!
the failing does not mention the new poll that has me leading iowa by a massive 13 points i am at 33 maggie haberman sad!
keep up the good work cynthia
must watch interview on discussing girlpower
my great friends from nascar are having their big race today the daytona 500 brian france and the france family are special people enjoy the race!
iran with all of the money and all else given to them by obama has wanted a way to take over saudi arabia and their oil they just found it!
via by “donald trump giving ‘serious thought’ to presidential run”
makeamericagreatagain they cant stand that you are speaking for the american people
rt makeamericagreatagain
donald trump says he’d be the “greatest representative of the christians if elected president
great army navy game army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the commanderinchief’s trophy last time was 1996 wow! congratulations!
rt had a wonderful meeting with advisor to and leader of the us delegation at the
trump will win this as he wins everything else! awesome thanks
man i love you! thedonaldforpres
watching celebrity apprentice and missing joan rivers ☹
texas we are with you today we are with you tomorrow and we will be with you every single day after to restore recover and rebuild!
also tune in to the at 7 00am i will be on to discuss the campaign my new ads and crippledamerica
just leaving salt lake city utah fantastic crowd with no interruptions love utah will be back!
what is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur mr trump? you have to be passionate about your work!
cameo performance just made home alone 2 my favorite christmas movie thanks
egypt is a total mess we should have backed mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog
cryin chuck schumer stated recently i do not have confidence in him james comey any longer then acts so indignant draintheswamp
how could jeff flake who is setting record low polling numbers in arizona and was therefore humiliatingly forced out of his own senate seat without even a fight and who doesn’t have a clue think about running for office even a lower one again? let’s face it he’s a flake!
hillary clinton deleted emails with her email server technician
well vattenfall shoulda come to you for advice they were too arrogant and too stupidaberdeen turbineslosers
the united states condemns the terror attack in barcelona spain and will do whatever is necessary to help be tough and strong we love you!
that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care
thetrump phenomenon summed up “leadership fighter and winner” not a liar
i just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things 2 the pointthanks
call it any way you like but snowden is a traitor when our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
diane black of tennessee the highly respected house budget committee chairwoman did a great job in passing budget setting up big tax cuts
together we will make america safe and great again! imwithyou americafirst
photos from the press conference premieres january 4th on
just like jonathan gruber viciously lied and called americans “stupid” on obamacare many consultants are doing the same on global warming
how amazing the state health director who verified copies of obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today all others lived
as we are learning the hard way both domestically and internationally hope is not a strategy
destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business so give it a chance to work think like a champion
join me at 2 00 pm est today live from trump tower via facebook and periscope!
alan dershowitz harvard law professor “it all proves that we never needed a special councelall of this could have been done by the justice dept don’t need a multimillion dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back not the way justice should operate” so true!
practice positive thinking—this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental
thank you for a great afternoon birmingham alabama! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
rush limbaugh trump has changed the entire debate on immigration
good subject good luck!
via “trump hillary presidency will cause ‘crime wave like you’ve never seen’” via
the dow just broke 24000 for the first time another alltime record if the dems had won the presidential election the market would be down 50 from these levels and consumer confidence which is also at an alltime high would be “low and glum!”
rt obama refers to himself 119 times during hillary nominating speech
we are gonna need in 2016 to unnegotiate everything obama said he negotiated makeamericagreatagain true
the president’s speech was very combative toward republicans—they have obviously not earned his respect!
why would the people of texas support ted cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them he is another all talk no action pol!
thank you to president moon of south korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony it will always be remembered
why is not the president of the us right now?! a very good question!
the debate last night proved that hillary is running against the “b” team she won’t be so lucky when it comes to me!
rt stops by overflow room in mechanicsburg pennsylvania prior to main rally trum pm ovement maga🇺🇸 https …
donald trump plans return to iowa via
defense sechagel has quit great news for our country the guy didn’t have a clue—grossly outmatched by our enemies couldnt even speak
glad to hear will be delivering the keynote for the convention he will deliver a strong message
we will always take care of our great veterans you have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in…
so how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? what is going on?
heading to joint base andrews on marineone with prime minister shinzō earlier today
if us air and american airlines are allowed to merge we are back to the days of “monopoly”
fans shouldnt worry we have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of appropriately due to the storm
the trump dorals is florida’s premiere golftournament ill be there! tickets available here
the wh should not have hosted the muslim brotherhood friends are enemies of the us and the islamist winter is here
congratulations to lou barletta of pennsylvania he will be a great senator and will represent his people well like they haven’t been represented in many years lod.c. friend of mine and a special guy he will very much help make america great again!
the transpacific partnership will lead to even greater unemployment do not pass it
via by “donald trump called the white house and offered to help fix the bp oil spill”
i aim very high and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what im after the art of the deal
join me in colorado at 12 pm tomorrow or arizona at 3 pm !tickets golden
he would fix this complete mess america needs trump we dont need obama
great comeback by tom bradynew england!
shock dnc convention has a $27m deficit and events are starting to be canceled
“ was something we’ve been working on for years and donald trump got it to the finish line”
shawn was absolutely right bringing up the why was trashy imho very trashy celebapprentice
isnt it ironic that china is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others
webb is out!! bad opening! demdebate
if you were a golf professional where in the world would you set up your business? doral in miami
club4growth will do anything for a handout just like every other politician running pay to say organization
imagine chafey standing up to putin
rt stock market rally is close to becoming the greatest in 85 years
the choice is clear! bigleaguetruth draintheswamp
crooked hillarys vp pick said this morning that i was not aware that russia took over crimea a total lie and taken over during o term!
together we can save american jobs american lives and american futures! debates
watching the finale cant wait for the next season trumprulesthanks and enjoy
is chris jackson as dumb as i hear but i still like that he follows me like a good little soldier!
we must leave stop and frisk for arod and anthony weiner!
as only one of two people left who could become president why wouldn’t the fbi or department of “justice” have told me that they were secretly investigating paul manafort on charges that were 10 years old and had been previously dropped during my campaign? should have told me!
you have the type of business mind we need in office! trumpforpresident trump2016
hopefully the violent and vicious killing by isis of a beloved french priest is causing people to start thinking rationally get tough!
it will make my 3 day weekend to get a tweet from the greatest businessman the world has seen!great weekend!
is desperate he is now saying that he wants to be vp cont
trump already hosts vets at his resorts what does hillary do?
join me in colorado springs at 2 pm or in denver tonight at 7 pm !colorado springs
president trump congratulates exxon mobil for jobcreating investment program
i would love for you to run what would be your plan on stopping isis?? military mom here love you
failed strategist who cant find clients criticizes winning teamtrump stop complaining and try winning
just spoke with and de blasio to let them know that the federal government
rt tonight on justice talks to special guests and tune in at 9p et on fox news channe…
the new york giants are looking really bad so far tonight does not get much worse than this!
so disgraceful that the questions concerning the russian witch hunt were “leaked” to the media no questions on collusion oh i seeyou have a made up phony crime collusion that never existed and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information nice!
“going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision” – think big
turnberry is a great golf centre great courses and hotel hope you can improve them donald it can be the best will be great
failing which has been calling me wrong for two years just got caught in a big lie concerning new england patriots visit to wh
back in myrtle beach tomorrow might see me at the airport
the nra strongly endorses luther strange for senator of alabamathat means all gun owners should vote for big luther he wont let you down!
rt is the best service provider
most of us know you would run the us with heart so true!
republican debates would be interesting with you
the failing new york times purposely wrote a false story stating that i am unhappy with my legal team on the russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out wrong i am very happy with my lawyers john dowd ty cobb and jay sekulow they are doing a great job and
congratulations to on his recent 26th year anniversary rush has revolutionized talk radio! sorry haters and losers!
thank you to the amazing staff and their families of the united states embassy in the philippines keep up the great work!
the donald shouldve been named man of the year he dominates the polls news talk shows and social media maga!
i will be interviewed on at 8 00 am so much to talk about!
plain and simple we should only admit into this country those who share our values and respect our people
some nights i think to myself that its a darn shame mr trump isnt in office
hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! trumprocksamerica
trump making gop speech — is 2016 in the cards? via
obama has no problem leaking national security secrets why cant he release his records? especially when $5m is going to charity
rt anyone who plans to talk about trump ever again has to see this speech your opinion is irrelevant unless you listened to…
an individual whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns has turned his attention to me
the reason that ted cruz lost the evangelicals in sc is because he is a world class liar and evangelicals do not like liars!
brooklyn nets have the worst uniform ever boring wont matter if they winwinning solves all problems cont
why not post the other polls where trump has 40 percent and carson is in the teens? strange?
my wife melania trumps show was a tremendous success last night in case you missed her you can see her again tonight on at 7 pm et
19000 respecting our national anthem! standforouranthem🇺🇸
entrepreneurs follow your instincts and keep your focus intact you alone know where you really want to go
whats up cutting season so short very disappointing still a great show but way to fast
“there is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy you have to love what you do” think big
work hard and smart!
my thoughts on campaign
our views trump the rest for the thanksgiving macysparade stay for exclusive parade access
excellent watching putins brilliance and trumps i loved the interviews
why do u keep trying to attack trump? really dumb strategy! u lose he wins! lets make america great again!!!!!
via donald trumps controversial mexican comments are accurate
as usual the weather people got it wrong in tampa they just look for headlines and ratings!
join me in congratulating by using the hashtag congratspeggy! earlier today …
congress was elected last november to reign obama in not to give him ‘fast track’ authority for bad trade deals for the american worker!
thx and from a better quotation source you miss 100 of the shots you dont take wayne gretzky
via by in raleigh donald trump all but announces presidential bid
melania and i send our deepest condolences frank was a special and amazing person he will be missed by all!
it’s springtime and it just started snowing in nyc what is going on with global warming?
the answer to both social security and medicare is a robust growing economynot cuts on the elderly
our spa gets a nice writeup in gotmilk
via by eugene r dunn medford donald trump towers over gop field they hate us because they aint us
barney frank looked disgustingnipples protrudingin his blue shirt before congress very very disrespectful
will be interviewed on tonight at 10 pm e enjoy! inprimary
nycstrong usa🇺🇸
good work pam
the fbi is totally unable to stop the national security leakers that have permeated our government for a long time they cant even
my interview discussing stardom and why apology was unwarranted
watching oan great speech calling out super pacs and media in norcross ga
donald trump taking serious look at 2016 presidential run
the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her just watch
being at the army navy game was fantastic there is nothing like the spirit in that stadium a wonderful experience and congrats to army!
the polls are close so crooked hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrowwhy did she hammer 13 devices and acidwash emails?
join me tuesday nov 3rd at 12 pm in trump tower nyc i’ll be signing copies of my new book crippled america don’t miss it!
with imposing dunes on the rugged aberdeenshire coastline championship course is a masterpiece
i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies lets make america great again!
want to help campaign for trump 2016! thank you
derek jeter’s rehab assignment is progressing on schedule hes a true captain look forward to seeing him back on the field
if we can help little charliegard as per our friends in the uk and the pope we would be delighted to do so
thank you naples florida! get out and vote trumppence16 on 11/8 lets makeamericagreatagain! full naples rally…
with the ridiculous filibuster rule in the senate republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation rather than 51 cant get votes end now!
jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot makeamericagreatagain
bob corker gave us the iran deal and thats about it we need healthcare we need tax cuts/reform we need people that can get the job done!
vera coking made a big mistake in atlantic city by turning down many millions of $’s years ago for property that just sold for $530000
my interview last night on discussing ows and incompetent leadership
gdp was revised upward to 31 for last quarter many people thought it would be years before that happened we have just begun!
i want to applaud the many protestors in boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate our country will soon come together as one!
i will follow all the way to victory makeamericagreatagain
mr trump sir this country is and has been on a path of self destruction and needs you to make america great again!
thank youa great compliment
rally last night in san jose was great tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall big crowd outside small group of thugs burned am flag!
i say donald trump takeover the whitehouse now barack obama is a fraud donaldtrump
thank you usa
we have all the cards now is the time to make a great deal with iran
i would like to thank a great writer and person of real estate weekly for the wonderful story on me very much appreciated!
get rid of already shes a bitch no matter who shes with celebrityapprentice
your rocked and won big time!!!! make america great again mr trump
oh the wonders of the arab spring our new ally the muslim brotherhood hosted ahmadinejad yesterday no more aid
cant wait for tonights show trumpforpresident
trump rove made a fool out of himself via
true bluecollar billionaire donald trump shows hillary clinton is out of touch
while spends recklessly on domestic projects he is hollowing out our military with over $487b in cuts
celebrity apprentice on cnbc tonight at 9
ivanka is now on twitter you can follow her have a terrific weekend!
get it done donald! merryrolltidechristmas
funny that the democrats would have their convention in pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs i will bring jobs back!
a tough man for a tough job in tough times gloves off game on!
trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth mccain
who would you like to see on next season of celebrityapprentice? let us know everyone wants to be on it
just watched full metal jacket cant believe r lee ermey didnt win the academy award as the drill sergeant political nominations!
it’s tuesday how much money will karl rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the house?
what a shock – higher taxes are slowing retail spending wait until 2014 when obama care is fully implemented
congratulations to boston on the world series victory earned and deserved
i would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy new year we must all work together to finally make america safe again and great again!
trumps wife children open up about gop candidate there’s no one else like him
why are the republicans giving obama fast track authority for tpp and the iran agreement?! obama gets more from the gop than his own party
way up regulations way down 600000 new jobs added unemployment down to 43 business and economic enthusiasm way up record levels!
the failing and corrupt estimated the crowd last night at “1000 people” when in fact it was many times that number and the arena was rockin’ this is the way they demean and disparage they are very dishonest people who don’t “get” me and never did!
the way you have treated is totally unacceptablecnn has been fair
donald for president! thanks
your interview was great
has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowdso totally onesided and biased against me that it is becoming boring
a sad day for america with snowden being granted asylum in russia putin is laughing at obama
despite major outside money fake media support and eleven republican candidates big r win with runoff in georgia glad to be of help!
terrific and insightful interview with by great piece jim! great info and candor donald!
thank you for your wonderful editorial as to why i should have been magazines person of the year you should run time!
a rough night for hillary clinton abc news
“it is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed” theodore roosevelt
brand new selection of trump signature collection shirts and ties go check them out
will be our strongest leader since reagan i agree thanks!
still time to get out and vote! wiprimary trump2016 maga
and parlux fragrances partner to launch second fragrance for men ibusinesslounge business
consumer spending fell in september another indicator the 78 unemployment number is cooked
how comes notices everyone but me and my tweets to him! read my tweets sir! big fan your my idol thanks
irans attack on israeli diplomats is an attack on the west
we had a great year with ties shirts and suits thanks! new selections just arrived they are amazing!
off to indiana! trump2016
if the prez wants to create jobs talk to some business peoplenot liberal intellectuals
last fridays gaffe by claiming that the private sector is doing fine is illustrativeeverything to him revolves around govt
i really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean thx
america needs a president who can negotiate better deals for the american people
people ask about she is actually a vp of marketing at the trump organization celebapprentice
you are my role model i want to be like you in my own original way inspiration thanks!
i am allowing japan and south korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equi pm ent from the united states
where was all the outrage from democrats and the opposition party the media when our jobs were fleeing our country?
“the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing” walt disney
we will see what happens!
a toy next to the apprentice just a friday fill in!
via “donald trump on who he likes for president donald trump”
trump is the smartest and best man to save america thank you!
mexico will pay for the wall!
while hillary and i both won south carolina by big margins repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cyclesgrowing party
obama care’s taxes vest in 2014 conveniently after the 2012 election coincidence?
“everyone knows there was a spy and in fact the people who were involved in the spying are admitting that there was a spywidespread spying involving multiple people” mollie hemingway the federalist senior editor but the corrupt mainstream media hates this monster story!
in less than a week ill be honored by sarasota gop as statesman of the year and then give my big surprise to convention will be fun!
getting ready to leave for my great resort turnberry in scotland hosting the womens british open biggest tournament will be back sat
were getting down to the wire on the apprenticetune in tonight for some great action! 10 pm on nbc
“in order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts you need to know about real estate” think like a billionaire
credible source on 911 muslim celebrations fbi via
back by popular demand tv personality returns in the record 13th season of all star marilu does great!
rt millions of gallons of mexican waste threaten border patrol agents
the tax cuts are so large and so meaningful and yet the fake news is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends the defeated dems and only demean this is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves starting very soon jobs jobs jobs!
the golf invitational featuring a performance by was a great event enjoy the video
congratulations to and on yesterdays very exciting game
whether you think you can or think you cant youre right henry ford
if you love what you do you are going to work harder you are going to try harder and you will be better at it think big
the man with a plan! go trump! we got your back! donaldtrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016
the truth continues to come out after 14 years a truth that many in the media did not want to tell trump2016
wow cnn just said that donald trump won the debate connected best with audience also time drudge news max nytimes and more!
will be doing fox and friends at 7 am it never ends hopefully!
so we can spy on our ally’s leaders but can’t water board terrorists?
honestly gt is a model to follow when it comes to the business world thank you!
“luck does not come around often so when it does be sure to take full advantage of it even if it means working hard think big
when confronted cant defend his ridiculous attacks on
not associated with russia trump team spied on before he was nominated if this is true does not get much bigger would be sad for us
my new book time to get tough comes out on december 5th preorder on amazoncom its the best book ive ever written
works really hard but is a guy who just doesnt have it a total loser!
im really glad that no longer says what a nice guy is
whose worse weiner or arod? too close to call!
hillary clinton lied when she said that isis is using video of donald trump as a recruiting tool this was fact checked by false
i watched russell brand on the show the other night—what the hell do people see in russell—a major loser!
the massive blue monster is getting rave reviews i built it in one year—no easy feat!
set the bar high do the best you possibly can and believe in yourself—because if you don’t no one else will either
always caught off guard when makes the appearance in home alone 2 😄
cant pick a favoritethanks
i am interviewed on the tonight at 8 00 then at 10 00 i am interviewed by on enjoy!
always make a total effort even when the odds are against you arnold palmer
if ran for president in 2016 id be one happy camper
please please please let run for president that would be awesome
mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader
one of the big problems facing atlantic city are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which i fought for years before leavingcorruption!
wowtremendous victory in the trump university case against lightweight got the news !
you dont necessarily need the best location what you need is the best deal the art of the deal
i would vote for you sir never again will i vote for a career politician like obama i did twice regret it
thank you cbs and breitbarttotal vindication! will the mainstream media apologize? many many witnesses trump2016
politicians and diapers must be changed often and for the same reason mark twain so true
i have nothing to do with atlantic citysold years ago great timing for losers and haters i never went bankrupt plus $10 billion sorry
alecits not science its a conread the emails
and how many people died on bush and cheneys watch? talk about that i was never a fan lots of mistakes
looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the new york county lincoln day dinner lots to talk about!
needs to run for president
the united states under president obama has truly become the gang that couldnt shoot straight everything he touches turns to garbage!
excited for tomorrow’s politics and eggs cohosted by and live stream here
very excited to be returning to iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend and strong conservative leader
spoke to pm of australia he is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship working very quickly on a security agreement so we don’t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally the great nation of australia!
via scottish wind farm opposed by donald trump delayed
the reason ed schultz said nice things about me is that i’m the only repub who wont cut social security etc i’ll make america rich again!
thanks its a wonderful place to beand happy new year
have been allowed to run guilty as hell they were very nice to her she lost because she campaigned in the wrong states no enthusiasm!
come on dt fly in! you must visit stage 6! arseniohallshow it will happengreat going
continues to do extremely dishonest reporting always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancy—ain’t working!
wow pres candidate ben carson who is very weak on illegal immigration just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship
it showed hell be up in nh for fitn cant wait to see him will tweet pictures to
i have met and spent a lot of time with families @ the remembrance project i will fight for them everyday!…
wow thank you pensacola fl see you friday at 7 pm join me!
i worked hard with bill ford to keep the lincoln plant in kentucky i owed it to the great state of kentucky for their confidence in me!
if obamacare is such a wonderful law then why does obama summarily change the law before an election?
has been part of the rigged.c.ystem for 30 years? why would we take policy advice from her? debates2016
a woman i don’t know and to the best of my knowledge never met is on the front page of the fake news washington post saying i kissed her for two minutes yet in the lobby of trump tower 12 years ago never happened! who would do this in a public space with live security
i havnt seen in many years he hardly knows me never liked his style super lib crooked h supporter irrelevant dope!
may be the only person on the planet that can beat hillary
do you notice that hillary spews out jebs name as often as possible in order to give him status? she knows trump is her worst nightmare
it was great being with you last night fantastic people and bob v is special!!!
the winner of after last nights victory
the media is so in the tank for obama that it is amazing—the funny thing is he can’t stand them!
gotta hand it to she loved doral from the time we looked at it the trumpdoral will be an icon sayfie news max
it breaks my heart u wont run 4 president and help so many more of us! lets see what happens!
what a great night for the good guys im worried about obama using executive power to pass immigration law
why the hell are you always criticising obama because he is doing a terrible in fact embarrassing job!
please run for president we need a true leader this country needs a trump makeover
via by fredy riehl “donald trump talks gun control assault weapons gun free zones and self defense”
by popular request i will be live tweeting during celebrity apprentice sunday 9 pm
hillary clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in nothing will change
hillary said with respect to isis we are finally where we need to be do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga!
vancouver’s most anticipated hotel and residences will unveil canada’s first maralago spa
glad to hear has moved over to erick is a sharp political analyst
marco rubio lost big last night i even beat him in virginia where he spent so much time and money now his bosses are desperate and angry!
republicans must be careful in that the dems own the failed obamacare disaster with its poor coverage and massive premium increases
via “trump’s $200m old post office project gets early approval”
original schedule but going back to two hours
thank you miami! in 6 days we are going to win the great state of florida and we are going to win back the white…
thank you cedar rapids iowa! makeamericagreatagain
it is sooo hot in new york today just walked past trump tower where the door was open tnx thank you d
joe paternos family should sue the idiots that made that ridiculous dealand commissioned the one sided report
one of the national review lightweights came to my office begging for money like a dog why doesnt he say that?
i will be in iowa all day and until tuesday morning finally after all these years of watching stupidity we will make america great again!
i’m a star maker adrian has continued to receive many fans in and is definitely on the map! celebapprentice
this is the summer of box office bombs who is green lighting this garbage? the scripts are terrible
sad has already exempted major oil importers on iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with china
dont forget to tune in tonight at 10 pm on nbc for another action packed episode of the apprentice
rt the travel ban into the united states should be far larger tougher and more specificbut stupidly that would not be…
not much!
it does not cost anything to dream spend your time enjoying your big dreams think big
keep your vision intact be positively persistent
ill bet obama goes down just like washington because he doesnt use ourthis countrys best people to win
always fun to read the investigative piece re his mascara and more!
teamleeza thnx u for ur support
watch donald trump holds rally at uss wisconsin in virginia a great day
when will celebrityapprentice be back? i miss tvs best reality show! very soonshooting now!
i am in iowa will be making two speeches today good luck to all of the great folks on the east coast enjoy the beauty of the storm!
if youre not following on twitter you are missing out on greatness do it thank you!
we should immediately stop sending our beautiful american tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our president’s stupidity!
another historic first under obama businesses are collapsing faster than theyre being formed new leadership now!
north carolina come on down will be there very soon!
ive realized that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus nothing less get out there and go for it
agree! the best thing can do is start telling the truth and nothing but the truth!
i would easily vote for if he ran for president
thank you to our law enforcement officers! lesm trump2016
elite traveler and the 12 best hotel room views in the world trumpchicago
the donald j trump signature collection exclusively available offers the finest style in menswear
i will be on this morning at 8 30 enjoy!
what time dose your days start? 4 or 5 am!
lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed if for no other reason than they can bill more which is unfair to our great country and i am very happy with my existing team besides there was no collusion with russia except by crooked hillary and the dems!
9? thanks
president obama please take the $5m check for charity tomorrow it is so easy and could do so much good!
called me a master marketeer last nighti am not i am a great builderi build great things and people come
trump hotel vegas glistening in sunshine
army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wifewhat is going on?
the best president in the history of the united states donald j trump
i am sick of geraldo😁😁
it will never happen fox will drop kelly if it means no trump nobody will watch w/o trump
this may be the worst football game ever played by one team denver! hard to watch
obama is addicted to spending america into insolvency his record proves it
congratulations to my friend on winning a goldenglobe a wonderful guy who has created something special well deserved!
surprising a future nobel prize winner on today’s
a great father’s day gift—a stay at my 5 star hotel along with items from my signature collection
if there is anything america desperately needs its a trump run!
why isnt president yet 2016 is your year
as a very active president with lots of things happening it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!
jeb bush and ted cruz are not electable presidential candidates hillary would destroy them ted may not be eligible to run born in canada
yes absolutely there are always opportunities and therefore hope good luck carsen!
my interview yesterday with discussing the failure of the super committee and gop 2012
illegal immigrant deported 6 times charged in felony hit and run of family is not wrong trump2016
the new email release is a disaster for hillary clinton at a minimum how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?
it is time to create jobs for americans not dc we need a bold new direction let’s make america great again!
dont ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!! i promise!
rt newyork tromps jonas day after storm of the century the big city is up and running unlike others in the northeast mu…
i will be holding a major briefing on the opioid crisis a major problem for our country today at 3 00 pm in bedminster nj
our thoughts and prayers remain with bret michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery
congratulations to sung hyun park on winning the 2017 uswomensopen🇺🇸
theres only one man id trust to fight isis thats right good choice thanks
looking forward to my meeting with tim cook of apple we will be talking about many things including how the us has been treated unfairly for many years by many countries on trade
this just in re fundanything and producer brad wyman
if anyone in the gop field was sincere they would endorse donald j trump to make america great again
ben smith is that really his last name? of is a total mess who probably got his minion coppins to do what he didnt want to do?
columbia university stated there was a computer error in their system concerning attendance cont
yesleadership!
right on donald cant be bought like the rest of them!
i would vote for you! you could run this country to success!
this book im reading by is truly inspiring thank you
what a convenient mistake issued a statement for kwanza but failed to issue one for christmas
“you can always become better”
the trump organization is honored to be expanding our interests into dubai the golf course will be the top course in the middle east
obama’s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75x faster than job production we cant afford 4 more years
the people of scotland love the golf course i have builtit is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! thank you also to robb report
you have to run on 16 thanks!
what will be excuse tomorrow after wins wisconsin and maryland? time for rick to face reality and drop out
dopey still owes me $5m for charity i hope he pays up before fires himwhich will happen!
i still hold the alltime attendance and pay per view record at
a better answer would have been yes come up with a great idea and have others work their ass off that too
great job! way to take the high road on his attacks on conservatism your always a class act! thanks tom!
alison grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry and supports obamas antigun legislation vote
crookedhillary paytoplay
congratulations to the $1b obamacare website on enrolling four in delaware cost to us $4m
hillary clinton dominates the pack in fake twitter followers
emilytrue and thanks
this will prove to be a great time in the lives of all americans we will unite and we will win win win!
played your course today in aberdeen!! amazing best course ive ever seen thanks
just got back from asheville north carolina where we had a massive rally the spirit of the crowd was unbelievable thank you! maga
it has been 1000 days since has passed a budget he continues to spend this country into the ground without any control
they made up a phony collusion with the russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story nice
to quote your own father is awesome and he is oh so right! thank you fred my father was a great guy and teacher
he is correct france has harsh gun laws terrorists were carrying ak47
watch a powerful and frank interview with donald trump about the economy on greta van susterens on the record
ok mr get beyond talking and start doing announce a run dont just talk watch!
the celebrity apprentice has a twohour premiere this sunday march 14th at 9 pm on nbc this will be the best season yet see you then!
congratulations to roy moore on his republican primary win in alabama luther strange started way back and ran a good race roy win in dec!
today we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of ms13 and the reforms we need from congress to defeat it watch here
looking forward to speaking at gala dinner on friday in dc his staff has been great!
i dont even follow u and i love you very nice!
is devastated that lightweight senator marco rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser i won the two big states great!
trump shows complete domination of facebook conversation
gives terrible service and has many complaints just check
big week coming up!
via the hill trump tops national poll for second straight week
how long would obummer last on the apprentice donald? theapprentice no comment
watching celebapprentice its on i am rooting for teambrandi and my 15 year old is rooting teamkevin
thank you for hosting! maga
it would be amazing to see run for president i would vote for him with the quickness trump2016
“trumps championship bluemonster course opens to rave reviews” via
is a pitiful shell of its former self! all new hosts are needed! just cancel it and put it and us out of our misery!
trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
i will be meeting general kelly general mattis and other military leaders at the white house to discuss north korea thank you
dt is a better choice than any candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity and national security
wow donaldtrump for presamerica prepare for exceptional greatness cheers thanks
great speach!!!!!!! thanks!
i dont know what it is but im getting totally bored watching nfl football too many penalties and far too soft! tv off and back to work
“the president has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year” thank you charlie kirk of turning points usa sadly the fake mainstream media will never talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews we are compiling a long and beautiful list
best looking building in chicago…
via by “always play on offense”
gas prices are still too high we really need to pressure opec to lower the price of oil
departing for texas and louisiana with melania right now we will see you soon america is with you!
honestly whether youre for or against obamacare the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the us it makes us look totally inept!
its easy just think of haters as losers withlittle imagination and even less understanding of successand very lazy!
think that’s the first step use all your power to utilize and develop that capability donald j trump
“donald trump turns over 115 acin rancho palos verdes for recreational open space” by
thanks becky
why does the mueller team have 13 hardened democrats some big crooked hillary supporters and zero republicans? another dem recently addeddoes anyone think this is fair? and yet there is no collusion!
via on trumps look at building 18hole golf course on former kluge estate in rural virginia
republican is 28 support for carson is 23 poll used by last month
i thought you did a great job with letterman thanks jevon!
eric did a great job with his eric trump foundation annual charity outing im proud of him
us interest payments on the debt have already passed $375b this year china is laughing at usas usual
what i admire is that donald trump loves this country he will put country over self and make america great
national black republican association endorses donald j trump trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
the american gymnastic team was greatour country should take their lead
rt our mobile vet center set up and ready to help veterans impacted by hurricaneharvey in corpus christi
apprentice ratings doing great easily won the 10 oclock hour over other networks!
re negotiation know exactly what you want and focus on that view conflict as an opportunitythis will expand your mind and your horizons
remain open to new ideas thats where innovation begins
via donald trump announces launch of his first indian project in pune
thank you for caring about huntingtons disease! you are amazing! so many blessings your way! thank you!
last night it was my great honor to host america’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the white house america’s military is the greatest fighting force in the history of the world they all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform!
president trump would have america walking proudly talking loudly carrying big stick n foreign policy again trump2016
many super pacs funded by groups that want total control over their candidate are being formed to “attack” trump remember when u see them
truth just like perry walker bush all yall who go after will fail 💯 trump2016
rt out with the old in with the new tax cuts and reforms that look out for hardworking taxpayers ⬇️
we must stop common core from controlling state and local curriculums it is a federal grab of education keep education local!
four reporters spotted melania in the white house last week walking merrily along to a meeting they never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world was really ill or whatever fake news is really bad!
got fired like a dog from redstateand now he is the one leading opposition against me
the final wisconsin vote is in and guess what we just picked up an additional 131 votes the dems and green party can now rest scam!
so much for ‘global warming’ earth is cooling at a record pace
china opec and russia laugh at us but now thanks to obama so does syria very sad!
wow mitt romney didnt know that rand paul was in the race for president very strange!
my personal hero
easily he is one of the most intelligent among america he would win over hilary thanks!
on june 22 i will be going to scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated resort the worlds best
donaldtrump at one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back you never flinched you have to respect that thank you
crooked hillary clinton has zero natural talent she should not be president her temperament is bad and her decision making abilityzilch!
with the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food
if we want to renew our prosperity restore opportunity and reestablish our economic dominance then we need tax reform that is progrowth
exceptional dining matched with exceptional views offers a unique array of 5 star dining options
what would be your first action as president? to end obamacare!
100 fabricated and madeup charges pushed strongly by the media and the clinton campaign may poison the minds of the american voter fix!
it’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in nyc opec is laughing all the way to the bank
i had a great time answering your questions in the latest askthedonald watch and see if your question made it in
the republicans are 50 in recent congressional races a point which the fake news media continuously fails to mention i backed and campaigned for all of the winners they give me credit for one hopefully rick saccone will be another big win on tuesday
his books have helped me become who i am today great
thank you jason greenblatt for our children lets elect donald trump
here’s the hillary university scandal no one in the media is talking about
the pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience overlooking the pacific ocean in palos verdes
rt nevada remember you can vote and go walk in vote and walk out! caucus locator trumplv https /…
border agent we might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether
cant wait til you enter the race mr trump wait till the fall after the others have beaten themselves up
i think you would be our best president since reagan
tanjanever give up!
should win! she has grown so much and is a natural born leader! so professional and kind shes a gift!
just got home watching the news and every story is bad about the us someday we will return to being great again but we need leadership!
many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful trump supporters in san jose were illegals they burned the american flag and laughed at police
my twitter has been seriously hacked and we are looking for the perpetrators
jon stewart would have been a terrible host of meet the press
dont let obama play the iran card in order to start a war in order to get electedbe careful republicans!
the harder you work the harder it is to surrender head coach marv levy
too early first episode season needs to play out then ill let u know workhard win
donald trump never a greater enemy to israel than obama iran/nukes
whats the odds the 5 people who subscribe 2 that rag i mean mag will ever see this tweet?
now the un is attacking franchise with all the worlds problems is this really a top priority?
looks like rubio wont get any delegates from tx or al because he didnt meet 20 threshold
we are now at 1001 delegates we will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged!
the american worker is being victimized by our trade policies we need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers
white house relaxes penalty for canceled health policies a major blow to the sustainability and concept of obamacare! they are desperate
a huge honor for for being named 1 luxury hotel in canada by travelerschoice awards
more hysterical dsrl videos featuring donald trump and double trump plus enter golden lick race sweepstakes
lucky for new york highly respected john cahill is running for ny state ag against incumbent lightweight dope
poll one of the most highly respected was just released wow wait until the media digests these numbers wont be happy!
rubio is a manchurian candidate people will own him if he ever became president
resolve to be bigger than your problems who’s the boss? realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith
trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery via
johnny miller—great job this weekend most insightful and tough see you at doral
finally in the new abc news /washington post poll hillary clinton is down 11 points with women voters and the election is close at 4743!
i wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living i was looking to make a statement donald trump
rt 3/4 this administration is deeply committed to those who serve and their families who make it possible through their love a…
together we are making america great again!
latest umass tracking poll nh gop trump 35 1 rubio 14 1 cruz 13 1 jeb 10 2 kasich 10 2
all fact but of course haters never check the data your business decisions are sound and you have the success 2 prove it
show has become a opinion show leading questions stirrwalt and thiessen used fair and balanced not
cant wait to go back best hotel in chicago! thanks
“trump should be happy that the fbi was spying on his campaign” no james clapper i am not happy spying on a campaign would be illegal and a scandal to boot!
thanks carly new season starts march 3rd
i took a drive to trump scotland last week what an incredible course your built good work trump! t
3 you should tweet your pick for mvp using the celebrity’s name followed by the hashtag celebapprenticemvp
boring and failing 3rd rate political reporter had flunky write a totally false report about me today
im 46 years old and i have never voted if you ran for president i would vote for you thank you!
if you dont run then gop has nothing hence hilary is a shoe in i agree!
i want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in spain last month 🇺🇸🇪🇸
cant wait for series4 to air on bbc one sunday night
a businessman that understands the worlds business/politics trump2016
baltimore had a really tough night only great leadership can solve the many innercity problems facing our country jobs jobs jobs!
changes at turnberry makes me want to learn golf beautiful! thank you it will be even more amazing!
ted cruz would be fine as would huckabee but trump would be best and romney the worst
remember if you don’t sell yourself no one else will make sure the public friends and the business community hears about your success
polls close at 6 pm ! inprimary trump2016 votetrump
when starting a business what is the most important aspect? find work that you lovebe passionate about it
things are going really well for our economy a subject the fake news spends as little time as possible discussing! stock market hit another record high unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the usa really good news and much more to come!
as of september 30th we have a record trade deficit with china of over $217billion they are ripping us off timetogettough
amazingobama speaks market goes downtrump tells cnbc hes buying stockmarket goes up should not be that way!
ben carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman and was not criticizing the victims not fair!
will be interviewed by on enjoy!
i have directed that us cyber command be elevated to the status of a unified combatant command focused oncont
great job on fox this morning i am sending out for your book immediately thank you very much!
as promised our campaign against the ms13 gang continues busts 39 ms13 members in new york operation
sadonly 36 think americas best days are ahead while 49 believe they are in the past we can and must do better
had a feeling itd be vs my $ is on leeza! ps i wanna fly on jet!!
please stay active on twitter when you are president! really cute!
rt polling shows the movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory
speaker paul ryan is a truly good man and while he will not be seeking reelection he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question we are with you paul!
big win for republicans as democrats cave on shutdown now i want a big win for everyone including republicans democrats and daca but especially for our great military and border security should be able to get there see you at the negotiating table!
rt trump just won on law and order and now hes delivering the goods thefive
it was an honor to welcome the prime minister of vietnam nguyễn xuân phúc to the this afternoon
texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men and women who have been working so hard but still so much to do will be back tomorrow!
mark udall was the deciding vote for obamacare and now 250000 coloradans were dropped from their plans vote
lots of pressure on obama tonighteven more than arod if he doesnt perform well it could be over
conde nast made a big mistake going into the world trade center the place is a total disaster and i feel this is only the beginning!
a testament to american ingenuity shines over fifth avenue as one of nyc’s most iconic buildings
petraeus is already negotiating a book deal smart always negotiate when you are a hot commodity!
we must always protect those who protect us today it was my great honor to sign the vamissionact and to make veterans choice the permanent law of the land!
well now theyre saying that i not only won the nbc presidential forum but last night the big debate nice!
i just bought artofthedeal and thinkbig great enjoy!
trump tower is located at 725 fifth avenue between 56th and 57th streets
with all of the illegal acts that took place in the clinton campaign and obama administration there was never a special councel appointed!
“ donald trumps beach mansion is the biggest thing ive ever seen 😳 another great deal!
i am convinced that sleepy eyes chuck todd was only a placeholder for someone else at meet the press he bombed franchise in ruins!
has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of magazine way down big trouble dead! graydon carter no talent will be out!
one of paris terrorist came as syrian refugee donald trump is right again bomb their oil take away their funding
sadly democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal not a fair deal for daca take care of our military and our country first!
ill be voting for mr trump
was very nice to me as i am to him on the piers morgan show cnn he is loyal to his friends
“if you dont have time to do it right when will you have time to do it over?” john wooden
arizonaprimary message from azprimary makeamericagreatagain trump2016
never give up!
the 5star graces over 500 acres fronting 25 miles on the atlantic ocean in county clare ireland
heading to moon township pennsylvania to be with a really good person state representative rick saccone who is running for congress big and happy crowd why not some of the best economic numbers ever rick will help me a lot also tough on crime and border loves 2nd a and vets
is a fantastic guy!
lyin ted cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with the national enqwere caused by me i had nothing to do with story!
if a conservative republican made the mistake that mrs obama just made by calling braley by the wrong name it would be the biggest story!
via “donald trump at summit obamacare a ‘filthy lie’ can build ‘a beauty’ of a border fence”
today we continued a wonderful american tradition at the white house drumstick and wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful blue ridge mountains at gobbler’s rest
re negotiation know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself think about what the other side wants and where theyre coming from
when will lightweight hack attorney general be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct?
the media loves to twist words and so do the politicians will set it straight!
in real estate all locations can be enhanced through good marketing be smart!
“donald trump to visit metro detroit in may” via
corey lewandowski senior political adviser mrtrump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness
with that being said i have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land we need it! get smart!
so nice thank you!
while i am a critic of president obama i hate it when someone robert gates writes a self serving negative book about his boss
poor doesnt have what it takes
thank you for your nice wordsgreatly appreciated
i promise
trump tower gorgeous! just like the donald thank you!
wow! this might be my highest yet! thank you to my opposition you are totally ineffective and have been for years!
trump will be great on protecting 2a rights!
big announcement coming soon regarding south carolina…
remember anthony wiener continued sending sick pics long after his resignation from congress and his apologyzero control over himself!
he made a great contribution to the press will be missed
the girlfriend of lubitz the wacko copilot who took down the plane knew he was insane and should have reported him put her through hell
trump international hotel and tower new york has received great acclaim as has our signature restaurant jean georges
iran is flying supply planes to syria through iraqi airspace thank you united states for making this possible!
watch readytowear fashion show at featuring and
keep fighting for the american flag i will!
draintheswamp!
great seeing w/ at for
obama has called libya attack a bump in the road and not optimal just come clean alreadytell americans the truth!
i will be on tonight from las vegas nevada at 10 pm e enjoy! hannity trump2016
americas competitors love says has been the best 3 years for russia
trump is the closest thing to genpatton that we will ever see again cool!
spot on interview! 👍 let em play put the flags away!
it will be great!
“miss universe ratings 61 million viewers best since 2008”
in memory of via
news max poll 65 apologize!
if graydon carters very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing vanity fairhis bad food restaurants die
the united states has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely related to national security economic security is national security it is vital to our national strength apec2017
watching other networks and local news really good night! crazy is unwatchable
lightweight is too stupid to see that china and others is destroying the us economically and our leaders are helpless! sad
go vote from now to 8 30 pm nevada i will be at various caucus sites make america great again!
dummythanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in aberdeen—sales are thru the roof and aberdeen seeing big benefits
isis is making $400m/year on oil i have been saying it for years we need to bomb the oil!
im sure theyre very proud of you and what your family has been able to accomplish they were great!
our economy is better than it has been in many decades businesses are coming back to america like never before chrysler as an example is leaving mexico and coming back to the usa unemployment is nearing record lows we are on the right track!
actually the first of many trump ties because of look feel quality
gerard—wonderful job last night as moderator of the debate i told many “really smart and elegant”
the republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days
democrat dianne feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal she blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold a first!
sacrificing our nation’s bravest for ungrateful iraqis great for china china is taking majority of the oil
under 1 out of every 7 americans is on food stamps
donald trump by mac miller will forever be a great song
watch my appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with iran
yes mr trump your a shoe in to win run donald run
i will be meeting with henry kissinger at 1 45 pm will be discussing north korea china and the middle east
it pays to have friends in high places like the justice department clearly the clintons do draintheswamp!
i will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in huntsville/madison alabama! landing now! trump2016
it was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museumsthe mississippi state history museum and the mississippi civil rights museum we pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past and dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom equality justice and peace
of all the fellow celebrities youve met which do you consider to be the most humble? me!
$716 billion from medicare by when will it end?
thank you chris cillizza it is a true person of character that can change his opinion and do what is right
on point as always
interesting 1981 transfer class to columbia declined in quality according to the columbia spectator
what do you think of miss universe bahamas? beautiful and nice!
polling shows nearly 7 in 10 americans support an immigration reform package that includes daca fully secures the border ends chain migration and cancels the visa lottery if d’s oppose this deal they aren’t serious about dacathey just want open borders
if the gop establishment really wants to defeat then they should read timetogettough
i couldnt be a bigger fan! love all you do! thanks emilee!
i have a dream that our country will be great again! dreamday
rt throwbackthursdays 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
obama must now start focusing on our country jobs healthcare and all of our many problems forget syria and make america great again!
happy thanksgiving to alleven the haters and losers!
donald trump for president!!!! great idea!
had a special visitor in my office yesterday for photo shoot
like ugly bird killing wind turbines!
ive been supporting you since i was 12 can i get a fav or something trump2016
isn’t it interesting that the tragedy in paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?
just returned from pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs amazing crowd will be going back tomorrow to gettysburg!
gov john kasich has really failed on the campaign trail i thought he would have been far more talented he is just wasting time and money!
wonder what ideas you would have to rebuild detroit if anyone can do it you can businessgenius
work underway on first new trump course in dubai second course in planning via
just heard foreign minister of north korea speak at un if he echoes thoughts of little rocket man they wont be around much longer!
remember at 7 00 am and celebrity apprentice at 8 00 pm enjoy!
thank you for your tweet today on christmas cant wait to see yod.c.resident mr trump you are awesome
jebs big ad buy against me paid for by lobbyists shows my face but doesnt have me answering jebs statements he is really pathetic!
you need to run for president
yesit is great!
thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going i wasnt one of the idiots that voted for obama trump2016
wise words spoken by donald trump sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war
job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses arent hiring why? obamacare us debt and tax plan
do those jobs provide health insurance? yes big league!
based on very popular demand i will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the presidential debate
“donald trump hosts firstever trump invitational at maralago” via
right on donald! your tweets on the cent park 5 are the truth!
my interview discussing chuck hagel nomination republicans terrible deal making and where we go next
charlie hebdo reminds me of the satirical rag magazine spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt charlie was also broke!
required reading 4 success in politics and life read book makingthecase brilliant advice !
join me live in south korea🇺🇸🇰🇷 nationalassembly potusinasia ➡️
thanks jason
trumpforpresident make america great again!
donald trump for president! hes the only one who can run a successful business!
i cannot wait for the new season of u r my fav tv star thank you
many people have been asking to see my plane the apprentices will give you a tour
this is the first time in my adult life that i have been excited about an election trump2016 trumpforpresident
associated press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about liberty university speech shameful reportingno credibility
wind farms are killing many thousands of birds they make hunters look like nice people!
congratulations to on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding obamacare
please run for potus 2016 america desperately needs a true leader with common sense! thank you
while all agree the u s president has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is leaks against usfake news
i guess is a lot smarter than dopes like and oh well both mags are dying anyway
just gave a speech to the great men and women at yokota air base in tokyo japan leaving to see prime minister abe
obama ststement on egypt was terrible and dumbnow being used by military as a rallying cryour foreign policy is worst in us history
spent full day with contractors at trump national doral it will be amazing!
thanks to for giving great attention to the town of atkinson at trumptoday w/
house of representatives needs to pass government funding bill tonight so important for our country our military needs it!
yeah blame me moron!
is retiring their elephants the circus will never be the same
cant wait to watch idreamofnene tonight i no will give some good advice watch!
healthcare listening session w/ and watch readthebill …
while in politics it is often smart to send out false messages one thing is clear that hillary does not want to run against trump
i am pleased to announce that i have chosen governor mike pence as my vice presidential running mate news conference tomorrow at 11 00 am
watch celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9 pm on nbcwere winding up for a terrific finale what a season!
“trump to campaign for via
entrepreneurs paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself
jeb bush couldnt shine mr trumps shoesgive me a break bushes are so over
remember oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you dont make!
rick santorum making a strong point on the news max debate
its only 6am and is already putting people in their places via twitter! trump for president 2016!!!
boys in the hood call me the black donald trump great!
who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent?
glad to see that jamie dimon passed yesterdays shareholder vote the jp morgan stock holders understand that a good ceo is worth keeping
“history does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid” dwight d eisenhower
for president please everyone vote in 2016 if god willing please we need him to help our country
whao! so good to know that i share the same birthday as my mentor tomorrows our birthday!!!!!! happy birthday!
from my first day in office we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on american energy remarks…
trump holds 66 favorable rating in new york – leads hillary clinton by 19pts in empire
really hoping i magically run into in new york city this weekend!! hes an inspiration! thank you
romney’s campaign is being put on the defensive he cannot let this happen stop pandering must get tougher cont
super pacs should be disavowed by anyone running for president they are a total scam on our system and country! i am selffunding
congress must repeal obamacare obama will veto while americans continue to lose their doctors and pay rising premiums
a former classmate roy eaton has published a great book “makers shakers and takers” – check it out
trump soho is the best hotel thanks
mitt romney finally takes the credit he deserves… for obamacare
the audacity of federal reserve purchased 61 of all debt issued by treasury in 2011 killing our childrens future
obamacare tragedy primed to further explode the deficit and transferred $500 billion from medicare to fund it!
will be on at enjoy!
what other attacks? read the transcripts etc
six days and counting until my offer to barack obama expires
late last friday announced his 2011 budget deficit was $1299 trillion the second largest in us history
donald ever since i switched over to trump ties from macys i cant stop closing deals!! great!
twendency tweet of the hour in usa politics 9 pm by
had asked me to do a robo call for him i would have done it and he would have won
if u were to suggest 1 most important thing to president obama would b?? leadership!
two of the best ever episodes of celebrity apprentice tonight at 8 totally vicious and crazy! i will live tweet
will be on today at 11am et discussing celebapprentice and her skin care collection tune in!
in politics and sometimes in life friends come and go but enemies accumulate!
statement on relationship with nbc
when apprentice became the 1 show on tv you tried copying me with the benefactor a complete and total ratings disaster for
honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to america home of the free because of the brave memorialday🇺🇸
president xi of china and i are working together to give massive chinese phone company zte a way to get back into business fast too many jobs in china lost commerce department has been instructed to get it done!
now arod is claiming that and are out to get him he should just get the hell out of nyc already!
newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming the data is unreliable
weekly address
wisconsin and pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states i actually picked up additional votes!
tom brady just did it again he is not only a great guy he is without question the best quarterback!
i began reading quotes and used them to motivate my staff yesterday stay tuned for results!
i wont be doing fox and friends tomorrow morning in that i have a big breakfast meeting on a deal i will be back next week at 7 thank you!
it was my honor to welcome prime minister leo varadkar of ireland to the
join me tomorrow!minnesota • 2 pm • 6 pm • 9 30p…
thank you for all of your support you have been amazing!
five most wanted leaders of isis just captured!
that’s right thank you for your support in helping put america back to work it’s about jobs jobs jobs for our incredible workers and putting america first!
offering river lake and skyline views 339 5 star rooms range from deluxe suites to spa guestrooms
i believe in one thing only the power of human will presidenttrump2016
please be careful thank you!
via ht politics
dont believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign the only quote that matters is a quote from me!
funny how the fake news media doesn’t want to say that the russian group was formed in 2014 long before my run for president maybe they knew i was going to run even though i didn’t know!
we need you in that office!! trump16 !!
trump trump you are the only one america needs right now the only one who can save amercia god bless u sir
donald trump running for president? yes please! youhavemyvote
today’s court decision means that congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens including aggravated felons this is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by
wastehud is spending $70m to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants does it get any dumber?
i will be at the uswomensopen in bedminster nj tomorrow big crowds expected and the women are playing greatshould be very exciting!
wow just reporting big news source official behind unmasking is high up known intel official is responsible some unmasked
general petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life he is a good man and should have a great future
i am watching the new york mayoral race very closely…
donald trump is the absolute winner!! you heads try to talk around him why why??? go trump!
getting a lot of praise from on fox news about joan rivers funeral 👍 howard did a great job!
thank you for the great job you did on great energy and smarts! i will not let you down
see you tonight huntington west virginia! makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸tickets
why does w/ allow a hater and racist like to waste good airtime? can do much better than him!
it does matter!
fake news is at an all time high where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
of scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world i can’t imagine that anyone wants him in office
are people really afraid of would you be? celebapprentice
great poll florida! thank you!
casev in sunny chicago with large trump sign outside window sheratonchicago
i was nice to loser and she attacked meit just shows never let up with a bully they only fade when you hit them hard!
i give shawn alot of credit for standing up for herself!!!!!
watch this behind the scenes video of fall 2012 collection photo shoot
melania and i met such incredible people last night in broward county florida will never forget them or the evening!
trump golf links at ferry point an 18 hole public golf course in the bronx new york is opening soon!
do you think your book from 2004 how to get rich can still be a gateway to financial success in todays day of age? yes!
you are a fighter and we love that about you! dont listen to these people who want you to change!
in addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to us
right to play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity a great causecheck it out
im in scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world its amazing
usa trade they fully understand where i am coming from after many decades fair and reciprocal trade will happen!
i will definitely be there again soon! save me a nice table with a lovely east view! d
south korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals their surplus vs us is massive and we pay for their protection who negotiates?
why is government run by politicians? its a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! trump2016
last october on attacked and i for saying obama cooked the job number will he apologize?
have to meet in the morning good night
sad thing is rolling stone was is a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now for them at last people are talking about it!
vote for trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis china lobbyists and everyone else
donald trump cant be bought bullied or intimidated he is a strong leader
merry christmas to my favorite billionaire! cute same!
we have to make the usa rich again so that we can afford to pay social security medicareand medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out
on taxes “this is the biggest corporate rate cut ever going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years agothis is a huge progrowth stimulus for the economy every year the obama wh overstated how the economy would grow now real economics and jobs” report
for all the amazing people in the world with aspergers and autism
what a great group! with and wwehof
putin says russia can’t allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrent—us wants to reduce—are we crazy?
dwyane wades cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in chicago just what i have been saying africanamericans will vote trump!
getting a great fix tonight! 2 episodes!
twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts
join me in manheim pennsylvania on saturday at 7 pm ! trumprallytickets
congratulations to on winning last nights primary!
a great new book has been written about crooked hillary read it and you will never be able to vote for her
that was the best tv moment ever!
via by “recap nobody out thinks donald trump”
voting for is voting for obamadont waste your vote!
“trump could be great friend if ‘second amendment’ enthusiasm is real” via
happy fathers day to all even the haters and losers!
wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home lots of chicken soup howeverbird kill
great american heroes who averted an attack in france thank you! spencer stone anthony sadler and alex skarlatos
any chance you can make america 5star please?
great and thanks!
people are going to trash you even though you were right! sickens me thank you and wiener will do it again!
chinese president xi jinping and i spoke at length about the meeting with kim jong un of north korea president xi told me he appreciates that the us is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative china continues to be helpful!
just ordered the art of the deal by cant wait to read it👍👍 great
rexnord of indiana made a deal during the obama administration to move to mexico fired their employees tax product big thats sold in us
mark cuban is a sad unhappy man a facade masquerading as a trump wannabe very interesting!
michael savage donald trump is the only republican that can beat hillary thank you michael!
my interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in trump tower and also
via by to stay at trump’s hotel for 17 inauguration?pick the next potus
youre the man mr trump! donaldtrump2016 thanks
i dont hate obama at all i just think he is an absolutely terrible president maybe the worst in our history!
a real president wouldnt take a selfie during any memorial service nelsonmandelamemorial
mr trump i loved when you called into the howard stern show it was so real and insightful! thanks
if i am elected president i will immediately approve the keystone xl pipeline no impact on environment and lots of jobs for us
dont forget global warming can also mean earth is getting colder! that way they cover both sides of the fence!
omarosa always promises and delivers high drama
libya is adopting a more radical form of sharia law now under their new leadership is this what wanted?
lights camerayoure fired! all new tonight at 8 pm et on nbc!
obama looks exhausted and beaten he was never made or prepared for the job like it or not he doesnt have it
fun to watch the democrats working so hard to win the great state of south carolina when i just won the republican version amazing people!
honor of a lifetime to meet his holiness pope francis i leave the vatican more determined than ever to pursue peac…
my interview discussing the 9/11 trials at gitmo the job numbers and
libya is being taken over by islamic radicalswith open support
“what america needs the case for trump” great new book by the esteemed jeffrey lord available now
on my way to pensacola florida see everyone soon! maga
monday mornings are twice as hard when i dont have and donald to listen to thanks for taking away my fox! 😡
has already added $5 trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years we must defeat him in 2012 timetogettough
moscows bully is no match for brooklyns finest trump by tko any day
i promise that our administration will always have your back we will always be with you!
entrepreneurs see yourself as victorious look at the solution not the problem and never give up!
that wouldnt be hard to do true!
now is also “concerned” about obamacare along with program may fold through its own doing
he was really terrible has he always been this unfunny or was he mailing it in?
the iconic youre fired is coming cant wait
so since the people at the have made all bad decisions over the last decade why do people care what they write incompetent!
check the records dummyi was never a bush ii fanhe is why we have obama!
who is ? actually a nobody!
“shutting down the government is a very serious thing people die accidents happen i don’t know how i would vote right now on a cr ok?”sen dianne feinstein dcalif
just landed in new york a one night stay in scotland turnberry came out magnificently my son eric did a great job under budget!
wow l just found out that ag schneiderman met with president obama in syracuse on thursday and sued me on saturday! same as irs etc
ebolas spread is unprecedented says cdc chief
wow did trump kick ass with cuomo! you are the man mr trump certainly not the lamb chop rubio
sure they want mr trump out he cant be bought notapuppet
donald thats a wonderful picture of you and your dad you can sense his love and pride in you! thank you
why is constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? this is the latest
i have just ordered homeland security to step up our already extreme vetting program being politically correct is fine but not for this!
congratulations to on quickly repairing the lasker rink record skaters this past thanksgiving!
the obama administration gives better medical care to al qaeda at gitmo than to our vets
on letterman classic
bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the american dream it’s time for a bold new direction!
my interview discussing comments a united 2012 gop celebapprentice and trump miss universe
jeanne shaheen was the deciding vote for obamacare premiums have skyrocketed 90 for new hampshire send to the senate!
another example of how the media distorts conservatives messages newyorkpost tcot so true!
when you are president will you be able to bring back hope jobs and cash? trump2016 we have no choice
it will be interesting to see how jenna talackova does as miss universe canada we all wish her luck
looking over new york city with luxurious 5 star hotel rooms top dining and amenities
everyone here is talking about why john podesta refused to give the dnc server to the fbi and the cia disgraceful!
no one else can beat hillary except you d trump ! i agree!
an announcement mr trump will run for president and fix the obamaruined nation?
congratulations to on yesterday’s successful and safe the entire country is proud
no money wasted like bad ads—the republicans spent more and got nothing for it
they must be kidding can this be happening oscars
it now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued
i wonder when we will be able to see college and law school applications and transcripts why the long wait?
a wonderful evening in south carolina big crowd amazing energy!
thank you for joining me in mandan nd gov lt gov and
is this nyma ?! yes
i just saw the movie unbroken very good except i thought the ending was weak no retribution! and we complain about waterboarding
now that i know youre on every monday ill definitely be listening
hillary and the dems were never going to beat the passion of my voters they saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the
is that zuker character still giving u a hard time? he isnt qualified to shine your shoes! another dope!
via “ among 2015 judges”
new jersey man joseph hornick willing to go to jail for flying trump flag breitbart
trump just talked on msnbc like a man who knows he had a very good night
live free or die a motto for the whole country to follow newhampshire fitn votetrumpnh
i look forward to saturday night and being inducted into the hall of fame
donald trump is the only man that understands life right now thank you
i told you magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite they picked person who is ruining germany
based on that the military has hit isis much harder over the last two days they will pay a big price for every attack on us!
trump is our last chance to turn this country around trump2016
every poll has me winning bigif you listen to dopey karl rove a trump hater on you would think im doing poorly
semper fi donald !!!!
its saddens me to know someone so moronic can become so rich perhaps im really smart?
you cant even spell businessman i use the b laws like buffett kravis icahn zell etc you dopeand learn how to spell
cant wait for celeb apprentice 7!!!
hard to believe that bernie sanders has done such a complete fold he got nothing for all of the time energy and money the vp a joke!
be a yardstick of quality some people arent used to an environment where excellence is expected steve jobs
i wish you would run for president mr trump we need you god bless you
must read article in probe could dwarf watergate
it was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the today!
with spies or “informants” as the democrats like to call them because it sounds less sinister but it’s not all over my campaign even from a very early date why didn’t the crooked highest levels of the fbi or “justice” contact me to tell me of the phony russia problem?
rt reminder last year clinton pledged she had turned over all workrelated email under penalty of perjury ⬇️
if he can run america like he runs a business hed be a good president you mean great
check out sertas counting sheep and me at the trump international hotel new york
i guess rupert murdoch and the dont like donald trump such false reporting about my big hit in iowa even my enemies said bull
where can i get these ties ? and trump tower
suffolk univ poll trump leads cruz rubio in new hampshire
i just wrapped up a qampa thanks for all your questions! asktrump
ive been to shanghai airport and its amazing we are 3rd world no direction from our president sad
« i like thinking big if you’re going to be thinking anything you might as well think big »donald trump
a great patriot
doesn’t have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in aberdeen
spent the weekend in la checking out trump national golf club on the pacific ocean an amazing place!
congress should be worried about american workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws
hope you run for potus and win to shake up dc and the congress we need you
wow little mac miller has almost 100 million views on his song donald trump keep pushing mac and come up with another hit just do it!
rt the stock market has gained an incredible 78 trillion dollars in market value since was elected! looks like 4 econom…
live on periscope
the last thing our country needs is another bush! dumb as a rock!
i must say that some of these college football games are great tonightvery excitingi wish i had more time to watch!
i hear they are very unhappy w/ arianna and at i’ll bet she won’t be there for long!
clinton ally aided campaign of fbi official’s wife
the feds reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation
twitlonger betatune in tonight at 1 am est to the qvc network to watch melania trump debut her first 2012 melania timepieces cont
do you see whats in tom bradys locker?
its time for
join me in charleston wv tomorrow!
money pouring into insurance companies profits under the guise of obamacare is over they have made a fortunedems must get smart and deal!
autism way up i believe in vaccinations but not massive all at once shots too much for small child to handle govt should stop now!
so many people think i will not run for presidentwow i wonder what the response will be if i do even the haters and losers will be happy!
is not a politician hes the leader that america needs
great family great interview !
the pledge makeamericagreatagain
i have decided to add a caveat to my offer obama cant decide to send my $5m to rev wright if he releases his records
republicans sorry but ive been hearing about repeal and replace for 7 years didnt happen! even worse the senate filibuster rule will
i think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money trump2016 true!
thanks tiffany
if youre going to be thinking you may as well think big
the ratings at blow away the ratings of not even close thats because cnn is the clinton news network and people dont like
join me live for the sotu
no person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life samuel goldwyn
few things in life are as wonderful as my mattress its like laying on a cloud heavenly by serta!
my team of deplorables will be managing my twitter account for this evenings debate tune in! debatenight trumppence16
i am not angry at russia or china because their leaders are far smarter than ours we need real leadership and fastbefore it is too late
youve got my vote!!
you can change your vote in six states so now that you see that hillary was a big mistake change your vote to make america great again!
obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for obamacare but he can’t fix the illegal loophole
owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit to use such foul language on tv unheard of!
today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces thankavet
so much for creating american jobs gave $529 million to a green car companyso they can be manufactured in finland
via by “trumpbacked candidate wins ny gop primary”
i have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster try using your last name and dont be ashamed of it!
peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy even if i dont always agree i recognize the rights of people to express their views
happy national anthem day!
tonight i trade places with larry king and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show 9 pm on cnn featuring best clips
an america first energy plan makeamericagreatagain trump2016
then you should run for president! i know you could turn this country around i definitely could fast
im voting for you in 2016 💯
a big salute to jerry jones owner of the dallas cowboys who will bench players who disrespect our flagstand for anthem or sit for game!
george will one of the most overrated political pundits who lost his way long ago has left the republican partyhes made many bad calls
john kasich was managing director of lehman brothers when it crashed bringing down the world and ruining peoples lives a total failure!
while washington michigan was a big success washington dc just didn’t work everyone is talking about the fact that the white house correspondents dinner was a very big boring bustthe socalled comedian really “bombed” should host next year!
you really sound like a loser noname!
scary our military is a using a chinese made satellite for north africa command communications
who else could take 16 vacations play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as cont
hope to see you back in doonbeg as president of usa
our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the iraqsyria border yesterday their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten
happy to have and the ffcs endorsement of the news max debate ffc is a great organization
“ why is your season so rushed???” hes getting ready to campaign!
thank you for all of your kindness and support my mother loved you all love!
whatever you are doing right now make sure to stop for a minute focus and ask yourself “am i thinking big?”
thanks see you tomorrow
you did great and showed courage going to burlington no other gop candidate would do what you did tonight!
thanks steve!
having a great time hosting prime minister shinzo abe in the united states!
is a great businessman i learned so much from the art of the deal best of luck!
rt preparations are underway to celebrate the holidays at the
so how many more days until you are in office? presidenttrump letstalkbusiness
i hope oprah gives lance armstrong 100 million dollars because thats what that ridiculous interview will cost him!
i suggest that we add more dollars to healthcare and make it the best anywhere obamacare is dead the republicans will do much better!
cant wait til your anouncment you have my vote lets make america great again
interview during jim kelly shootout
“i believe in spending what you have to but i also believe in not spending more than you should” the art of the deal
youre absolutely right
vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good
donald is a stud on late night w/ jimmy fallon tonight he was sharp as a tack thanks
the polls are now showing that i am the best to win the general election states that are never in play for repubs will be won by me great!
cant wait till apprentice !!!
do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place brussels was not anymore it is from a different world! us must be vigilant and smart!
and really hate each other celebapprentice
john is one of the most respected people in politics dopey is one of the least respected!
the green party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated and demoralized dems
listen to an interview with donald trump discussing his new book think like a champion
there’s a reason partners can’t stand him and on top of that the team sucks!
towering over trendy bay street offers 118 stunning condominiums w/ multiangle views and elite amenities
trump for president!! make it happen we need an intelligent leader! 💞 trumpforpresident
hurry up and announce that youre running already! 🙌🇺🇸✔️ 2016
notice that illegal immigrants will be given obamacare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our veterans demdebate
bernie sanders has been treated terribly by the democrats—both with delegates and otherwise he should show them and run as an independent!
stuart stevens the failed campaign manager of mitt romneys historic loss is now telling the republican party what to do with trump sad!
a bad manager such as will continually be plagued by scandals leadership starts at the top
happy birthday to my son very proud of you!
after one of the great chokes in the history of sports it will be hard for the spurs to beat the heat but who knows good game on now!
you cant con peopleif you dont deliver the goods people will eventually catch on the art of the deal
wow rowanne brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday was on saying times lied
another coverup obama won’t disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country no surprise
donald trump song is at 645m views on youtube youre welcome mac!
obama traded 5 low lifes from gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter but did nothing for the soldier in mexico
ratings are so pathetic she even loses to at 7 pm which is replay of 5 pm
on a serious note tweets are genius one of the smartest people! 🇺🇸 thank you very nice!
trump2016 makeamericagreatagain economy video
isnt that so true! and by the millions
i think im about to purchase art of the deal by great!
the boston killer will soon be asking for a presidential pardon—don’t give it to him mr president—hang tough!
if you run for president you would receive my vote!
women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales and hillary wants to take those rights away from women!
great meeting with at the today! maga
did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster never look back just learn from your experience!
i may not agree with some of his politics but is a phenomenal business man so true!
is making working very hard on tax cuts for the middle class companies and jobs!
whether you love like or hate donald trump i will be on bill oreilly fox tonight at 800 bill knows trump is great for ratings!
getting ready to pay final respect to great lady joan rivers she could light up a room like no other! she will be greatly missed
looking forward to visiting the trump vineyard estates today in charlottesville va for a press conference and the grand opening
it was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing is a foil for the clintons questions given to clinton in advance no credibility
they dont like rubio in florida he left them high and dry doesnt even show up for votes!
entrepreneurs be cautiously optimistic call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks
and i will defeat isis vpdebate
fantastic foodthanks
a few of the many clips of john mccain talking about repealing and replacing ocare my oh my has he changedcomplete turn from years of talk!
while is an extremely unattractive woman i refuse to say that because i always insist on being politically correct
i totally agree! the brain the don has is so inspiring! ive loved him for years! thanks!
you must win the presidency in 2016 !!!
business leaders such as donald could easily teach students more in onehour than in any semester
more obvious every day america desperately needs trump at the helm! thanks andy!
donald trump will forever be the best mac miller song
youre spot on! he tries 2b an intellectual elitistthe truth he has a low iq no imagination no creativity
the keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and lower gas prices but obama says no dumb
maralago my club in palm beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of cont
now we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to restore american prosperity – and reclaim america’s destinybut in order to achieve this bright and glowing future the senate must pass tax cuts – and bring main street roaring back to life!
i am going to trump national doral in miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation in construction always watch the money!
my only question to how do you handle all these celebs? crazy! my hats off to you!
id bet my life savings obama has a higher iq than you you would lose!
i will be on at 7 00 am so much to talk about but not much good news for the usa make america great again!
my interview where i discuss why is an economic ignoramus and how opec is inflating gas prices
keep focused on your goals practice positive thinking view any conflict as an opportunitylook at the solution not the problem
john cahill is highly respected in all circles—really nice to see that he’s running for new york state attorney general
merry christmas trump2016
i wont
i bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified
rt attn why did five of your staffers need fbi immunity?! bigleaguetruth debates
thanks i hope you enjoyed it had a great time
our country is in trouble with the worst leadership possible how are we going to fix this? smarts and toughness!
will be back soon virginia we are going to make america great again! trumppence16
“study insurance costs to soar under obamacare” men in nc get 305 hike women in ne suffer an average 237 hike
congratulations to new congressman being named to house foreign affairs comm and cochair the house republican israel caucus
no you hate wind power as you think itll mess with your golf course thats true also!
i am doing greta tonight on fox talking about obama care and pervert anthony wiener! 10 pm
via by john skipper north iowan says trump serious about potus run but hell have to prove it
young entrepreneurs – be resolute in your drive for success gain momentum once you succeed promote yourself!
no deal was made last night on daca massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent would be subject to vote
“compete with yourself to be the best you can be” – think like a champion
was in chicago and saw your sign on your building it looks great!!
who should win celebrity apprentice on monday night? show will be telecast live!
remember when failed candidate said that illegals came across the border as an act of love? hes spent $59 million and is at 3
i am doing on the record with greta van susteren at 10 pm on fox we will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest!
via trump surges in new hampshire poll mogul reality star emerges as granite state’s ‘antibush’
i will not be commenting on boardroom specifics would be unfair to the different time zones celebapprentice
check out the recent editorial in the wall street journal about what a complete disaster the has been under its leader from previous administration who just quit!
im getting a lot of hatemail tonight 😆 gopdebate she is totally overrated and angry she really bombed tonite
ted cruz poll numbers are down big because he was born in canada and was until recently a canadian citizen many believe he cannot run!
what do you think of the recent job numbers suggesting the economy is back on track? false hope
via trump flies into exsoviet georgia for tower project project
ill be on the willis report today at 5 pm est
i will be in pr on tues to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist and support the people in their time of great need
as the days and weeks go by we see what a total mess our country and world is in crooked hillary clinton led obama into bad decisions!
donald trump bids to buy the oreo double stuf racing league check it out
thank you iowa! thankyoutour2016
while hillary profits off the rigged system i am fighting for you! remember the simple phrase followthemoney…
matt you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful you are all talk no substance!
destroying as only he can israel
new south carolina poll from ppp thank you! votetrumpsc
i cant decide if geraldos ego is a gimmick a plant by trump or if its for real celebapprentice
i own half dozen trump ties make the best knots always look great thanks
thank you wisconsin! votetrump next tuesday april 5th! wiprimary
we just had the worst jobs report since 2010
tune into the legendary at 10 pm e on tonight meetthetrumps for a full hour abc2020!
the talk of scottish open is all trump international rose j walker phil and rory all loving it majorly thx ted enjoy!
my interview with don imus on discussing my convention surprise and china policy
coming up soon the two hour premiere of the apprentice next thursday september 16th at 9 pm on nbc
i am very proud of ivanka!
canadians my ultra luxury private plane will be featured on sundays episode of mightyplanes on miss it at 8 et!
who wants the endorsement of a guy who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of congress?
and his wife attended the snowflakegardenbrunch here w/ governor
adding housewives to your show calls for entertaining tv 😊 celebrityapprentice
congratulations to on celebrating its 25 year anniversary great paper under amazing management!
i live in australia and am hearing about you maybe running for president is this true? stay tuned!
thank you to for exposing the truth perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
knows what it takes to win just like floyd mayweather he is stronger and will overcome the weak!! tump2016
the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reform—and i said zero!
via business insider donald trumps poll dominance in 2 key states is mindblowing
national prescription drug takebackday numbers are in! another record broken nearly 1 million pounds of rx pills disposed! let’s keep fighting this opioid epidemic america!
moderator hillary paid $225000 by a brazilian bank for a speech that called for “open borders” that’s a quote! debate bigleaguetruth
in the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years
with the complete ft lauderdale victory i will now sue for millions of $’s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable
very exciting week for i will be in miami opening what will soon be best resort in us world golf championship this week!
you have the best show ever and you can tell everyone i said so you my bff thanks joanne!
check out my speech from last friday as well as my appearance this morning on
america will be restored under mr trump god bless america
good job for christie last nightmaybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after
entrepreneurs be totally focused being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort
“happiness is not something ready made it comes from your own actions”
obamacare website fiasco was a single bid to a canadian company terrible!
u am sure dinald is proud to have your support are you drunk john? also tmobile sucks!
i have clearly stated that if the new york state republican party is able to unify i would run for governor and win they cant unify sad!
reading the art of the deal for the 4th time over 18 years motivational and educational in different ways each time
nielsen ratings 1 252 viewers 6 shr191rtg 55 2554 2 224 total viewers 5 shr161rtg 47 2554
very successful fund raising for yesterday good to see my friend woody johnson
features wide open pristine fairways tour caliber greens 64 strategically placed sand bunkers
who says the death penalty is not a deterrent?
egypts muslim brotherhood president is visiting us next month is so excited
didn’t come through with his promised $5 million for charity so today i will sue him
care to say a few words to ? get rid of the nukes and fast!
congress must immediately pass border legislation use nuclear option if necessary to stop the massive inflow of drugs and people border patrol agents and ice are great but the weak dem laws don’t allow them to do their job act now congress our country is being stolen!
thank you for coming to pennsylvania today i will be there with your 3rd cd delegate at 2 pm
stop flights into the us from west africa immediately!
as iran began the process of taking over iraq many people wanted me to say that “i told you so!” – so i told you so
i always felt i would be running and winning against bernie sanders not crooked h without cheating i was right
my int on w/ discussing my upcoming campaign visit for steve this sat in iowa
i will be in palm beach jupiter and miami today checking on big construction projects i love florida and love on time and on budget const
great evening with president and mrs macron went to eiffel tower for dinner relationship with france stronger than ever
were stuck with the worst mayor in the united states too bad but new york city will survive!
for president 2016 is the only way to go!
just remember arsenio wouldnt be back at all if it were not for donald j trump he admits that he will do great!
sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride let time go bydonald j trump
entrepreneurs be ready for problemsyoull have them every day keep open to new ideasthats where innovation begins
insane release of the terrorist—for humanitarian reasonswill go down as a better decision
i am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves believe in your future and believe once more in america americafirst🇺🇸
one of the many reasons i like the trumpseach family member is charitable and kind thanks
there’s never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than bill clintonmy words were unfortunatethe clintons’ actions were far worse
can u believe that jeb bush’s campaign manager is in berlin germany looking for money? what’s he giving to germany?
birthdays are special and a retweet from would make it even more special happy birthday!
economic gloom jobless claims have surged while factory activity is cont
the real story is that president obama did nothing after being informed in august about russian meddling with 4 months looking at russia
cant wait for celebrity apprentice! lets do this gary! i hope he wins tonight
you can watch all the highlights of last night’s record 14th season premiere of
so now tha matt lauer is gone when will the fake news practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil griffin? and will they terminate low ratings joe scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in florida years ago? investigate!
icymi this morning
i am so glad got fired by rosie is a bully and its always nice to see bullies go down!
it was my great honor to welcome prime minister alexis tsipras of greece to the wh today! 🎥 📸
plus fabulous fantastic great and tenacious love those words
badratings you will never make it you are not funny or talented
the endorsement was a wonderful surprise i greatly appreciate his support! we will have a tremendous victory on november 8th
but my new trump ties rock!!! thats true!
the third mass attack slaughter in days by isis 200 dead in baghdad worst in many years we do not have leadership that can stop this!
use snl to tell hispanics you are for them you want them to have jobs and be here legally great idea!
mr trump its called envy easy as that but so much $$ is raised for charity
getting rdy to leave for tonights celebrate freedom concert honoring our great veterans w/ so many of my evangelic…
congratulations to on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the today amazing job!
america used to be the leader of the world thanks to obama america isnt even leading from behind
please go back to your original menu and preparation believe me it was much better let me know when the change is made!
🚨breaking🚨 state departments kennedy pressured fbi to unclassify clinton emails fbi documents
trump4president trump2016
i feel our country is falling apart by the day please run for president! trump2016
thank you to joe passov travelin’ joe of golf magazine for the great article…
if you’re a betting man it’s time to start believing donald trump
finally liddle’ adam schiff the leakin’ monster of no control is now blaming the obama administration for russian meddling in the 2016 election he is finally right about something obama was president knew of the threat and did nothing thank you adam!
find something for everyone on your list with this holiday gift guide from on tumblr
thank you for all you do for the troops! may god bless all of our veterans this memorial day! thanks
new rule for check the law before you make a public absolute offer
people have been forced to resign positions for far less than “tweeting like a 14 year old girl”
this was the republicans election to win but they just blew itreasons why to follow
it just shows everyone how broken and unfair our court system is when the opposing side in a case such as daca always runs to the 9th circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts
he ruins the brand doesnt belong on as cm for mondale in 84 you lost 49 states sad!
so am i
you are my role model👌 such an amazing man thank you
wow senator luther strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement now in september runoff strong on wall and crime!
you were great on tonight thank you for the nice words!
advertising standards authority has ruled antiwindfarm ad misleading not misleading very truthful!
rt whats happening in our country isnt just an assault on our its an assault on the american people…
has a wonderful new book specialheart and it’s proving to be a great success already bret is a winner!
trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter
the day after blocks a texas voter photo id law exposes more dead people getting ballots
jerry falwell jr stated speech was best in universitys historymy great honor
thanks for hosting me tomorrow at the two international group! looking forward to making new friends and discussing fitn topics
i knew the mainstream media was going to selectively hear what you were saying as i listened to your interview so did i!
arod is now being investigated for continued doping have a great opportunity to dump him now go for it!
i wonder why somebody doesnt do something about the clowns and their totally dishonest reporting
i would absolutely consider investing in atlantic city again great and hard working people but much would have to changetaxes regs etc
to pay $650000 settlement over racial profiling boycott macys
president obama be cool be smart be sharp and focus no more march madness and you can beat putin at his own game it can be done!
ill be turning the table on larry king this saturday night ill be interviewing him in honor of the 25th anniversary of his show
will be doing at 10 pm on as always with sean will be interesting!
run for president! we need a leader not a politician! so true!
the last time i visited china i couldnt believe all the construction you can go up with a project in a weekno red tape
i built perhaps the greatest golf course in the worldlots of tourismyou shouldnt!
the great mike wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son chris wallace of mike was a total pro!
run for president please!
congrats you just got 4 points in your home state of sc—far better than zero nationally you’re only 26 pts behind me
and youre still a negative loser and trump is still a positive winner im black and proudly voting trump!
china is about to acquire a unit of aig which we bailed out for $55b china is making great deals on our backs
ashley judd targeted by super pac in ad video
rt last week after visiting flotus melania potus trump went to visit wounded heroes at walter reed medical center he told the…
such a great honor!
we have no leadership no kidding!
here i am with and erictrump presenting the wgc trophy to tiger woods at…
“winning is habit unfortunately so is losing” vince lombardi
deputy ag rod rosenstein stated at the news conference “there is no allegation in the indictment that any american was a knowing participant in this illegal activity there is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election
yaaaaay on celebrityapprentice this is the best!
the entire world was laughing and taking advantage of us people like liddle bob corker have set the us way back now we move forward!
thank you for the assignment!!!!! ❤ great job fredrik!
chinas communist party has now publicly praised obamas reelection they have never had it so good will own america soon
dont get discouraged keep telling the truth your detractors cant handle the truth
looking forward to the 2010 miss usa pageant sunday may 16 on nbc 7 pm et hosted by curtis stone and natalie morales
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your businessso give it a chance to work” – think like a champion
obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row at least he is consistent
ill be on on monday at 7 30 am always a great time
just heard you on foxandfriends we can count on you to tell it like it is from a veteran thank you for your honesty!!
what an amazing spot donald trump and his team have done an incredible job go see for yourself thx
tomorrow the house votes on kateslaw and no sanctuary for criminals act lawmakers must vote to put american safety…
great job donald!!! cant waite for you to be president and neither can america!!
via by “is the white house big enough for donald trump?”
now even old professors are coming out in opposition to his reelection he has embarrassed them
why wasnt obama more concerned w/benghazi americans killed syria not our business
how long did it take for obama to call hugo chavez and congratulate him on his reelection? who do you think chavez supports in ours?
the trump signature collection available offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe dress your best!
just landed in dc
at 10 00
via by
i hope my children are just like you so nice thanks
today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the ussarizona to the honorthem🇺🇸remarks
i dont believe you have to be better than everybody else i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be ken venturi
we will proudly be playing the national anthem and other wonderful music celebrating our country today at 3 pm the white house with the united states marine band and the united states army chorus honoring america! nfl no escaping to locker rooms!
dont take vacations whats the point? if youre not enjoying your work youre in the wrong job think like a billionaire
tops 500 best hotels in the world! congrats
stand with trump 2016
congratulations to on delivering a strong conservative message in her sotu response joni will be a great senator
with the strategy that i announced today we are declaring that america is in the game and america is determined to win!our four pillars of national security strategy
there is only one way to avoid criticism do nothing say nothing and be nothing– aristotle
this is what real pride in our country is all about! usa🇺🇸
terrible! just found out that obama had my wires tapped in trump tower just before the victory nothing found this is mccarthyism!
rt rattledhillary wants to talk about her 30 years in service how about her 30 years of flops↔️flops?! bigleaguetruth debat…
via trump at cpac what really happened
how do you like seth and oscars so far?
in light of the horrible attack in nice france i have postponed tomorrows news conference concerning my vice presidential announcement
nice clock outside the aberdeenshire golf course! verysmart thank you
we are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in florida on behalf of little marco rubio no way to run a country!
word on the street is and are both on celebrityapprentice is that true? 😝 yes!
congrats on fantastic articlewhen “b” writes so nicely about you it really means something
governor cuomo only cut the verrazano bridge tolls because i made it a major point in speeches i love the people of staten island!
in 1999 said that he didnt support welfare reform he just gutted the entire program
the republicans better be careful obama is out to destroy them!
arod is just not making it we want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great
what a series the is turning out to be! tonights game should be another close one
great interview! give trump a hot mic and watch out! it is the rawness the nonpc guy makeamericagreatagain
im a liberal but i feel mayor emanual has bigger fish to fry in chitown than a trump sign
rt “arrests of ms13 members associates up 83 under trump”
our nobel prize for peace president said im really good at killing people according to just out book double down can oslo retract prize?
the als icebucketchallenge that trumps them all
hope the renovation is going well thanks when finished it will be the best in countryand going well
situated in the heart of downtown toronto the 65 story offers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle
go donald! i am with you! thanks
polls indicate that a trump presidency is now inevitable august
via trump tees off on new golf course in scotland
my family and i stayed at last weekend it was a blizzard outside but pure heaven inside! great!
trump may be the best entrepreneur thinking big and he is also creative tenacious and loves his work
save us mr trump 2016 do not fear!
dennisyou were greatthanks!
i bet you will make hell of a president the world needs presidents like you
dear sir please run america needs you thank you or country can be great again!
my interview with where i discuss birth certificate and why has low ratings
my interview with yesterday discussing by meeting with
more great news as a result of historical tax cuts and reform fiat chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1 billion in michigan plant relocating their heavytruck production from mexico to michigan adding 2500 new jobs and paying $2000 bonus to us employees!
great time last night in louisiana big and energetic crowd go out and vote now polls open make america great again!
i am somewhat surprised that bernie sanders was not true to himself and his supporters they are not happy that he is selling out!
rt on behalf of our next potus and america🇺🇸
time for my weekly fix of celebrityapprentice
welcome to the prime minister
thank you so much adam!
christians need support in our country and around the world their religious liberty is at stake! obama has been horrible i will be great
i will be on bill oreillys show tonight at 8 pm talking about iran and politics
the obama economyworkers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created
the schumerroundscollins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe says it would be “the end of immigration enforcement in america” it creates a giant amnesty including for dangerous criminals doesn’t build the wall expands chain migration keeps the visa
barbara—get better fast and stay healthy forever
i love watching these poor pathetic people pundits on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out they cant!
but didnt he bet on his own teamhe paid the price
i will be making some very big campaign stops next week big crowds and tremendous energy! make america great again
joined twitter tonight just to follow along with and demdebate lets make america great again! trump2016
the cdc chief just said ebola is spreading faster than aids marines are preparing for a pandemic drill stop all flights from west africa!
happy birthday
my interview on the border crisis usmc tahmooressi and my fight for the american flag 15 00 mark
“set the example and you’ll be a magnet for the right people that’s the best way to work with people you like” – think like a champion
not only did egypt destroy its civil society w/ the muslim brotherhood now it is a complete economic mess
jeff sessions is an honest man he did not say anything wrong he could have stated his response more accurately but it was clearly not
no cuts to welfare no cuts to food stamps and not a single cut to obamacare yet the new budget cuts military benefits sad!
saludos desde mexico! i really do admire you thank you!
book emily gets her gun exposes the attack on our second amendment a must read!
thank you for your support greensboro north carolina next stop charlotte! maga
rt no color no religion no nationality should come between us we are all children of god mother teresa
obama wants americans to keep buying crude from opec who is ripping us off instead of our ally canada through cont
just left trump national doral in miami under massive construction the blue monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built!
for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed
just as i predicted today obama called for even more tax increases the republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards
maniac sergeant who went on a killing spree in afghanistan must be punished big time and quickly
wait mhndz you have 5 mins to prove to me that doesnt support the latinos if u do ill paypal u $1k
for many years our country has been divided angry and untrusting many say it will never change the hatred is too deep it will change!!!!
is fake news just reported cos john kelly was opposed to my stance on nfl players disrespecting flag anthem country total lie!
florida starts early voting on march 5 extending to march 15 absentee ballots have been sent out! trump2016
cyberattack on white house whats next?
i am self funding my campaign and dont owe anybody anything! i only owe it to the american people! trump2016watch
hillary’s aides urged her to take foreign lobbyist donation and deal with attacks
all it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing you have to run! trump2016
matt will vote for trump i just know he will !
worired that the usc will strike down obamacare is trying to implement his debacle in public schools
it is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives be nice you will do much better!
great jobyou are a true champion! see you soon
every sports fan is treated to an all star game the loyal and growing fan base of will be getting a much bigger treat!
i would like to offer vice president biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son beau met him once great guy!
the lightweight hack schneiderman told ivanka that the “case is weak and more meets with obama and then files one day later
fed up with stupid polititians! donald trump is smart! he can make things go! please makeamericagreatagain!!
the terrorist who killed so many people in germany said just before crime by gods will we will slaughter you pigs i swear we will
mr trump you were witty respectful entertaining and as howard said just a down to earth guy!
walked in trump tower for the first time this week gorgeous as all your work love the trump experience thank you
funny if you listen to the democrats did not have a good day if you listen to the other two they are fawning what a difference
the protesters blocked a major highway yesterday delaying entry to my rally in arizona by hours and the media blames my supporters!
and finally cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers voters that trump was strongly in favor of obamacare and choice a total lie!
important editorial by john faso in “spitzer’s reckless leadership”
south korea must in some form pay for our helpthe us must stop being stupid!
as a tribute to the late great phyllis schlafly i hope everybody can go out and get her latest book the conservative case for trump
lightweight ag eric schneiderman asked us for political contributions during his investigation of usthen sued for $40 milliondopey guy!
in the “old days” when good news was reported the stock market would go up today when good news is reported the stock market goes down big mistake and we have so much good great news about the economy!
for president 🇺🇸
hillary clinton is a major national security risk not presidential material!
the five taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now they are saying how dumb us is!
i cant wait to find out yes or no mr trump is so brilliant great at business he can run the countrythanks
cant believe i finally got a good story in the it discusses the enthusiasm of trump voters through campaign
thanksbut they should get a life
under the iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown
i want to help our miners while the democrats are blocking their healthcare
faces an existential threat in irans nuclear drive unfortunately is no friend of israel
john mccain never had any intention of voting for this bill which his governor loves he campaigned on repeal and replace let arizona down!
trumptrain
the lawyer i just beat in chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than come on danny make the bet!
crooked hillary clinton put out an ad where i am misquoted on women cant believe she would misrepresent the facts! my hit was on china
carly—i did graduate from wharton and did very well who is your fact checker? will you apologize?
mr trump what keeps you going ? love of my family country and work!
played trump national philadelphia yesterday great track challenging but fair keep up the awesome work!!
my interview discussing the benghazi coverup hostess closing and celebrating thanksgiving with family
sorry i’ve got to start focusing my energy on north korea nuclear bad trade deals va choice the economy rebuilding the military and so much more and not on the rigged russia witch hunt that should be investigating clinton/russia/fbi/justice/obama/comey/lynch etc
i already have two great pilots
thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night from the heart!
“he’s got a very good point somebody in the justice department has a treasure trove of evidence of mrs clinton’s criminality at her own hands or through others that ought to be investigated i fully agree with the president on that” on show
join me in san jose california tonight! makeamericagreatagain trump2016tickets
a country must enforce its borders respect for the rule of law is at our country’s core we must build a wall!
you are truly the greatest person alive!!!! your awesome wow thanks!
my man has never voted in an election said he would vote for trump for president
at this afternoon a wonderful woman it was an honor to donate $25k to her charity
im from the uk and even im voting for donald! trump trump trump! im moving to america!
china is advocating on behalf of irans nuclear program the chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar… cont
crooked hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at turnberry shows me hitting shot but i never did lie! was there to support son
dr ben carson i concur i believe in god who can change people he can make any of us better
crazy is now complaining that did not defend her against me yet her bad show is a total hit piece on metough!
my wife and i stayed there for our anniversarybeautiful placeamazed that all the staff remembered our name
just book trump las vegas for a few nights vacation with my kids 151310 will we like it? yes is great!
congratulations to the houston 2017 worldseries champions⚾️ houstonstrong earnhistory
“concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger” arnold palmer
good luck in your case against the wind turbines in aberdeen bay most sensible scots agree with you!
discipline is a key ingredient for success it will build character motivation and bring opportunity
the $200m in renovations of trump int’l washington dc are on track the old post office is being transformed into true luxury
wow 15 policemen hurt in baltimore some badly! where is the national guard police must get tough and fast! thugs must be stopped
please get in the drivers seat of this country!
i am tired of thinking about it just do it the country is a mess politicians will only make it worse
they are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen thanks!
laskerrink we do not do the maintenance on lasker rink that is done by new york city
my sundays will now be spent with again! so excited celebrityapprentice is back!
celebapprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight!
sleepy eyes is an absolute joke of a reporter he is in the bag for obama he cant carry jock
and we will call it trump wall fine with me!
secure the border! build a wall!
today is a memorable day the team has begun to turf our new pitch and putt! what an amazing place!
presidentelect donald j trumps cia director garners praise
the only way to do great work is to love what you do – steve jobs
nuclear agreement paved the way for the $400 million ransom payment debatenight
the blue monster was a sensation over the weekend really tough but players and critics alike loved it
already lowered the high gas prices next he will restore americas greatness! and no stupid windmills!!
people are proud to be saying merry christmas again i am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase merry christmas!!!!!
donald trump for president! thank you
why do the networks continue to put dopey on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs?
what would your first act in office be? to end obamacare
weekly jobless claims soared to 215 a 6 month high obamacare the greatest job killer in us history
i swear is my ideal i just wanna be successful
i think somebody should pick johnny football he will be a star
rt our infrastructure will again be the best in the world we used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the…
what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate donald trump leadership
when a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over againthen sue the culprits and use the proper team!
if ran for president issues in the united states could be resolved he has my vote! trump2016
thanks penn will be interestingsee you soon!
thank you louisville kentucky on my way! maga🇺🇸
the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but dont clean up their factoriesbut they sell us the equi pm ent to clean up ours!
we pay for obamas travel so he can fundraise millions so democrats can run on lies then we pay for his golf
journalists shower hillary clinton with campaign cash
how about a celebapprentice season where ivanka and don jr lead teams? id love to see that
this story is no longer about john mccain it’s about our horribly treated vets illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans
host of the 2022 and 2017 uswomensopen trump nat’l bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf
u would definitely be our best looking president ever thank you very nice!
i just got mike leachs new book swing your sword hes a great coach and hes written a great book its definitely worth reading
go for it sir!!! just watch!
join us today! together we will makeamericagreatagain!
the time magazine list of the 100 most influential people is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will like news weeksoon be dead bad list!
i love to see the respect you have shown to your parents siblings and children proven respect and class needed in usa!
love your ties donald! they are quality and i own many! menswear thank you!
the media is really on a witchhunt against me false reporting and plenty of it but we will prevail!
as i predicted 1 year ago gasoline prices hit a record high todayopec is having a ball at our expense
is this one yours?? nyc soho yes its called trump soho!
now that chinas own economy is slowing watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in cont
lots of response to my comment on diet coke lets face it it doesnt work just makes you hungry
it is my great honor to be speaking at cpac 2013 they are all about whats good for america
the trade deal is a disaster she was always for it! demdebate
robert pattinson should not take back kristen stewart she cheated on him like a dog and will do it againjust watch he can do much better!
challenges present opportunities always keep your focus and stay calm
best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far tom brady donald trump justin bieber big letdown fight!
the veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years
a talented family led by the best thanks eric so nice
glad everyone could see maralago last night on it is the crown jewel of palm beach
it was a great honor to represent the united states at the magnificent bastilleday parade congratulations president
blocked keystone now china is preparing a massive $15b oil deal with canada a terrible deal for us!
backstage with trump snl
maybe i’m old fashioned but i don’t like seeing women in combat
rt 20295 miles later potusinasia has successfully concluded as lands on the south lawn of
ceotownhall➡️
in trade military and everything else it will be america first! this will quickly lead to our ultimate goal make america great again!
we support you! and believe that your americas hope thanks
irrelevant clown sweats and shakes nervously on as he talks bull about me has zero cred made fool of himself in 12
after the litigation is disposed of and the case won i have instructed my execs to open trump u? so much interest in it! i will be pres
two great people!
thank you for the incredible support maryland! this is a movement! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
a single ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum stop the flights! no visas from ebola stricken countries!
it was my great honor to welcome the 2016 world series champion chicago ⚾️ to the this afternoon…
thanks for the beautiful picture you are fantastic!
trump gop must dump useless rove to win presidential elections by
thank you so much for the wonderful article robert davi
i look up to my man for he has become one of the greatest entrepreneurs in this times history thx
my interview discussing qe3 the housing market my stock picks and the 2012 election
you must be kiddingzero chance he is innocent!
i hope now starts asking for any and all of sealed recordsits time
time to enjoy an amazing day! you were fantastic in winning the us open your father is looking down and proud of you!
how quickly people forget but not me! you told me that without the apprentice you could never have gotten your show sad!
global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again the left needs a dose of reality
donald keep speaking the truth! the media has printed your words out of context you will make america great again!
thank you hilton head south carolina! trump2016
news paper we were wrong to endorse obama hes even worse than george bush
i am offering the chance for barack obama to redistribute $5m to any charity of his choice everyone wins take the deal
the obamacare website will cost over $15b when all is said and done crazy!
i hope when the msm runs its “interruption counters” they consider the of times the moderators interrupted me com…
conservative? jeb bush doubled florida state debt!
watch me tonight on the oreilly factor at 8 pm and 11 pm est fox news
on my way! inauguration2017
who is winning the debate so far just last name? demdebate
your the man donald trump16 thanks
march 3rd 9 pm est on
not so smart after all … man with name on duke law library must pay me legal fees after trump trial victory
i totally agree i almost cried watching interview with you do it just do it run and save america
thank you vermont! trump2016 supertuesday
none of romneys leaked comments change the fact that obama is a complete disaster 20 real unemployment and $6t in deficit spending
the failing would do much better if they were honest!
getting ready to tune in for another great episode of celebrityapprentice
rt sen cruz its crazy to go an august recess without having obamacare repealed we should work every day until it is don…
needs to drop out your hurting the republican cause is our choice
so china is ordering us to raise the debt limithow low have we as a nation sunk?
yesterday i was thrilled to be with so many wonderful friends in utah’s magnificent capitolit was my honor to sign two presidential proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both bears ears and grand staircase escalante
i am honored to be receiving the american spectator foundation award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in washington dc this fall
watch my interview with on today at 11 30am et
it was great seeing at the wwehof
“if you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths rather than travel worn paths of accepted success” john d rockefeller
if these scandals happened before the election obama could not have won
great job!!! winning the debate last night will take over half the field out was not fair to trump
“if you plan for the worst – if you can live with the worst – the good will always take care of itself” – the art of the deal
oscar pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend another oj travestythe judge is a moron!
i dont know donald but he sure has made our government look foolish! so who hasnt?
it was great to meet nyc icons and today! nyc great meeting you!
please deeply consider running for office cannot think of a better candidate trump2016 thanks
an updated poll tracker with all polls thru the weekend reveals i maintained a double digit lead at…
cannot wait for the newest season of the celebrity apprentice!! ive been a huge fan since it started great!
rt please stay safe florida! you are in our thoughts and we are praying for you! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
use subsidies to buy health plans in other words ocare is dead good things will happen however either with republicans or dems
great article in the by ben garrettdont blame sandy on global warming
jane fonda and michael douglas look great!
rt cc
bryant is the wanna be greg gumbel lol keep up the great tweets trump! greg is far more talented than bryant
i feel like that last tweet by is gonna be a good one to have on record yeah for me!
forget running for president why dont you run to be an mp here in scotland!
run for president mr trump!!! please!!? savethiscountry
obama still will keep all military recruitment centers and bases gun free zones! it has to stop military lives matter!
great thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by including an option from
a coincidence that the nsa leaker is living openly in hong kong?! at the same time the chinese pres met with obama in ca
has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined he is simply out of control
every major city in the world has one of your buildings correct? the more i travel the more i see
great interview tonight trump2016
i disagree but its still cool
thank you kansas! the line going into the orlando event is over a mile long massive crowd expected leaving kansas now be there soon!
flashbackfriday with mickey rooney and
thank you to respected columnist katie hopkins of daily for her powerful writing on the uks muslim problems
thinking of booking trump vegas for our anniversary how are the rooms? do they sell trump water? great and yes
happy thanksgiving to everyonei love you all even my many enemies sometimes!
china is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! very sad
“you want to compete and you want to compete at the highest level”
unsustainable has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24 during his term he loves debt
but is allowed to say that about me
i actually enjoyed the piece re sign could it be that i’m starting to like jon stewart?
my speech is scheduled friday at 8 45am in the potomac ballroom will also be telecast live on cspan and cable news networks
oh how painful this must be for liberals and rinos! great going markterrific book!
the irony is that the freedom caucus which is very prolife and against planned parenthood allows pp to continue if they stop this plan!
entrepreneurs do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail ralph waldo emerson
my super bowl commercial which aired during the third quarter
the new nbc poll has me in first place but said i was third in the debate i demand a recount just kidding! every other poll had me 1
heading to alabama now big crowd!
getting ready to leave for melbourne florida see you all soon!
my thoughts are with all those observing yom kippur the holiest day of the jewish year
course didnt look good in hd just saying no it looked terrible bad for golf!
so much fake news being put in dying magazines and news papers only place worse may be and fiction writers!
dont miss the 2nd half of my interview with over on the blog fnpolitics
ron fournier clinton used secret server to protect circleofenrichment”
this is a great time for to bow out with dignity
staying at your vegas tower very nice! thank you
the big problem for little is that he’s going to have to have another hit song not just his donald trump bonanza
not she does nothing but run her mouth!
students at new york institute of technology are rooting for you mr trump!
when i said that hillary clinton got schlonged by obama it meant got beaten badly the media knows this often used word in politics!
will be greatthanks
our very weak and ineffective leader paul ryan had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty
my ‘close up’ int with discussing the midterms the new congress travelling to nh and 2016
i completely agree i think would be an excellent owner and wouldnt accept losing!
depression be careful of china!
i know you have a lot of power but bringing joanrivers back incredible!!!
congratulations to for winning the 2015 travelers choice award from
donald trump will be our next president of the united states
bill fantastic job this morning on you are a total winner and i am proud of yod.c.irst apprentice champ!
thanks chelseayou are great!
no we need a great businessman
who’s going to give back the young and beautiful lives and others that have been devastated and destroyed by the phony russia collusion witch hunt? they journeyed down to washington dc with stars in their eyes and wanting to help our nationthey went back home in tatters!
the huff post pollster has trump in first place ahead of jeb bush
trump would make a very very good potus he is really really smart and makes great business decisions
to all the bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals and global special interests we welcome you with open arms people first
yesterday it was my great honor to welcome president of the federal republic of nigeria to the
the un is about to use its assembly to attack we should defund the un entirely if they cant act resp… cont
i certainly hope the democrats do not force nancy p out that would be very bad for the republican party and please let cryin chuck stay!
very exciting—tomorrow night at madison square garden i get inducted into the hall of fame
sets the highest bar of all he is great and will makeamericagrateagain! he has smarts savvy knowhow! tump2016
iraq is falling apart fast two trillion dollars and so many deaths bush got us in and obama took far too long to get us out!
during a general election i for one am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind
why is obama playing basketball today? that is why our country is in trouble!
i mean it when i say i would take a bullet for wow how nice thanks!
thank you! exactly!
no got so irrelevant time out far better than ny magazine
the convention in cleveland will be amazing!
so cool that and are twitter friends!! and real friends joel is the best!
only two weeks until we start shooting we really have something amazing for the fans this year
great town hall tonight at 10 00 pm eastern conducted by on
when i was a kid there were 8 now they give upwards of 3140 its an assault on the immune system
just left florida amazing how well state is doing jobs way up taxes down congrats to
great advice!
the only fivestar and hotel in nyc is the definition of luxury the best!
maybe some of the dead voters who helped get president obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for obamacare
donald trump and mitt romney would be the most dynamic pres/vp combo in history no bad chemistry i like winning!
the great people of new hampshire who i love are not properly served by the dying union leader news paper
imagine if we all became masters @ having fun while getting things done?
crooked h destroyed phones w/ hammer bleached emails and had husband meet w/ag days before she was cleared and they talk about obstruction?
just had a very open and successful presidential election now professional protesters incited by the media are protesting very unfair!
hillary clintons weakness while she was secretary of state has emboldened terrorists all over the worldcont
it is perfect! congratulations on this fantastic job! you
someone must be fired at for that stupid deal they made buying huffington post
getting ready for some big news with my friends at
we are looking forward to welcoming you
been listening to speak words of wisdom on youtube every night he really needs to be our next president thx
lets take this country back trumpleeds2016
located in beautiful briarcliff ny features a 7291 yard course just 25 minutes outside nyc
tremendous day in massachusetts and maine thank you to everyone for making it so special!
i say we cannot continue to let obama fly around on air force 1 at a cost of millions of dollars a day for the purpose of politics and play!
no surprise assad is not destroying his chemical weapons he never intended to in the first place
will turn this mess around!
rt opioid crisis worse than we thought with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported
rt thank you to our great military/veterans and pearlharbor remember the day…
i beat hillary in the new poll head to head she has no strength or stamina both of which are needed to make america great again!
we all need to get out and vote for donald we need a change and he is the man to bring it thank you!
it is going to be a long and tough road to turn around cnn they are looking at the wrong people!
small business says trump is their pick for president
he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious sun tzu
hello mr trump i am very proud of you for saying what you said about guns in paris i hope you become president
no casualties just victory victory and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart we love god and usa
the corrupt mainstream media is working overtime not to mention the infiltration of people spies informants into my campaign! surveillance much?
45000 construction and manufacturing jobs in the us gulf coast region $20 billion investment we are already winning again america!
trump doral’s renovations are right on schedule once completed it will be the top resort in the us
thank you iowa get out and votetrumppence16!
the tower is crazy absolutely in love service amazing mrzbirthday
doing things that nobody thought possible despite the never ending and corrupt russia investigation which takes tremendous time and focus no collusion or obstruction other than i fight back so now they do the unthinkable and raid a lawyers office for information! bad!
lance armstrong fought for 7 years and then just ran out of energy very sad storyalthough they caught him red handedhe definitely cheated!
thank you baton rouge louisiana! we will makeamericagreatagain! trump2016
via donald trump has major aspirations for his trump national golf club in virginia
you are just smarter and better prepared so true!
wishing all of those celebrating hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love
the word spectacular magnificent and amazing describe anything mrtrump puts his name on!
my interview discussing the super bowl the real unemployment numbers iran and cont
for the record most democrats would much rather face cruz than trump so true!
with great patriots in mason city who also want to bring the american dream back! we can make america great again!
just spoke to governor kenneth mapp of the us virgin islands who stated that fema and military are doing a great job! thank you governor!
mr trump dont worry yourself with a 3rd rate wireless company
i guess they don’t have freedom of the press in scotland we created this ad and the asa would not allow us to cont
the electoral college is actually genius in that it brings all states including the smaller ones into play campaigning is much different!
makeamericagreatagain we can only do that with rt
the military generals are fuming at obama he has boxed them in against isis with a strategy that is destined to fail sad!
thank you to jack morgan tamara neo cheryl ann kraft and all of my friends and supporters in virginia great job!
people who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success thanks for the inspiration mr trump! thanks
and trump soho new york is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere
you have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times
screw the terrorists theapprentice
crazy joe biden is trying to act like a tough guy actually he is weak both mentally and physically and yet he threatens me for the second time with physical assault he doesn’t know me but he would go down fast and hard crying all the way don’t threaten people joe!
and and luck are very special playerswill be great playoff games
keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
via backstage interview w/ donald trump at cpac by great seeing you david!
teaching the gop how to lose four years ago was not enough now romney wants to do it again
air force trump the zillionaire pol dishes about rand mitt and jeb via
lets go pa he has my vote go trump
just out the polar ice caps are at an all time high the polar bear population has never been stronger where the hell is global warming?
making it happen✈️
so good to see the saudi arabia visit with the king and 50 countries already paying off they said they would take a hard line on funding
currently rooting for to announce his 2016 campaign
congratulations to for a successful installation of trump sign really looks great!
“you may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work that’s tenacity and it’s critical to success” – trump never give up
is it true ugandan mogul ashish thakkar says that donald trump is ignorant about africa im right!
the greatest social program is a job donald trump
where the hell is global warming when you need it?
i truly understood the appeal of ron paul but his son didnt get the right gene
casandraits notthanks
congratulations to and arnold on expendables 2 1 box office opening still going strong!
i hate when the news media so afraid to offend anyone always refers to the boston killer as the suspect
claims he has never stopped working” f/pastor abedini’s release through “back channels where are the results?
good luck tonighthave no doubt you will be great
fantastic interview of mr t both on a business perspective and a fan maybe the best interview you have ever had
weve spread out our sons vaccines as well hes all set and no ahem came because of it great
seal who shot bin laden is unemployed and can’t feed his family everyone can get welfare but this seal can’t eat!
it doesnt matter that crooked hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made bernie said she has bad judgement!
thanks andy
hi
thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of south carolina
celebapprentice teamvortex or teaminfinity?
trade with china has killed over 29 of us manufacturing jobs in the us china is robbing us blind!
i am so glad u are for trump your program is my favorite the don is by far the best
isis is advancing even against obama’s airstrikes obama is disengaged and making the middle east even more dangerous
they let crooked and the gang off the hook for the crime but it looks like the coverup is just as bad unbelievable!
thank you to my great supporters in wisconsin i heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal!
many thanks donald and all good wishes in helping to clean up the american government honored to be your friend c
i like joe paterno and his family
great interview donald please run for president in 2016
my major hotel conversion of the old post office on pennsylvania avenue in dc is under budget and ahead of schedule should be usa
george will was pushing for for the gop nomination in decembersaid he was going to win cont
did we ever get to the details of the deal? no danny doesnt have the guts to play the game
thank you asia! usa🇺🇸
why do you need so much? change some lives feed some hungry i do big league!
just had a very nice meeting with priebus and the looking forward to bringing the party together and it will happen!
in chicago on a business trip i love seeing the trump name!! thanks!
back by popular demand the fabulous returns to the record setting 13th season of all star the fans love him!
a great photo of and me
shes choking on the results! call her justifiable kelly justifying everything she says
and friends at
hillary is doing a horrible job at benghazihearings reading from the script pathetic she is no leader
“donald trump on va woes ‘i’d fire everybody’ ‘you fix it by getting trump elected’” via by
will be doing with tonight at 7 pm re tax reductions and various other topics
i hope that in my lifetime i will see you deliver a state of the union address president trumpim ready for it!!!
thank you colorado! maga
hi john
your buildings were used in tower heist and the dark knight rises are they in any other movies? many!
thomas jefferson wrote the senate filibuster rule harry reid and obama killed it yesterday rule was in effect for over 200 years
mrtrump can u pls give a shout out tonight to teamleeza celebapprentice
we are going to have a great time in cleveland will lead to special results for our country we will make america great again!
the american ppl are taking a stand! we are fighting back!!!
collusion which doesnt exist the dems are using this terrible and bad for our country witch hunt for evil politics but the rs
would be really bad if columnist mike lupica left the a wonderful and talented guy!
thanks geraldo youre a champion
respect your tweets i listen and share with my kids thanks bob
i hope will invite me to golf with him when it is all complete it looks like an awesome place
thank you for the great rallies all across the country tremendous support make america great again!
rt continue to notify us of us citizens overseas impacted by hurricaneirma and hurricanejose
“the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it” the art of the deal
you were great on this morning—amp the gary player villa at is a hot ticket
many people would like to see represent great britain as their ambassador to the united states he would do a great job!
wake up donald the world is awaiting your wisdom i know such a burden
karl why dont you sit this election cycle out we had enough losers to last us a life time true
is the dumbest man on television?—i think so
the complete interview getting things done via
scaryamericans private wealth fell 40 from 20072010 but thinks the private economy is doing fine
you say what the working people are thinking proud to support you dont back down !
thank you mark gopdebate
and will be wonderful advisors celebapprentice
trump kicked rosies ass he kicked penn states ass he would totally kick the democrats ass!!! trump2016
it wasnt donald trump that divided this country this country has been divided for a long time! stated today by reverend franklin graham
donald trump reviews oscars django racist ceremony boring set tacky via
many dead including women and children in mindless chemical attack in syria area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by syrian army making it completely inaccessible to outside world president putin russia and iran are responsible for backing animal assad big price
on my way to south carolina big crowd look forward to it!
when r people going 2 wake up and c that obama favors everyone but americans obama is our worst enemy
true is great at what she does
sucks very bland and boring with no future or hope just like and many others
gas prices are soaring $412 in ca opec is laughing at how stupid we are
congratulations to deb fischer the people of nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing and it showed up at the ballot box! maga
sorry there is no star on the stage tonight!
we continue to lose our nation’s finest in afghanistan almost daily the rules of engagement are costing lives
polls close in 3 hours! everyone get out and vote! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
whitey bulger’s prosecution starts today will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials
just arrived in new hampshire thank you to all of my supporters! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
my interview discussing whcd lowering tax rates republic of georgia and cont
the shirts and ties at macys are so goodbeautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piecel kicked his ass
“take the time to move yourself forward in other words think work and be lucky” – think like a champion
how badly will the country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of obama care?
heading to baton rouge louisiana for a speech expecting a very large crowd! see you soon trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
learning never exhausts the mind leonardo da vinci
general petreus and his family are paying a big price!
im with pinehurst looks like muni and until we run out of h2o? would pay $400 2 play that? no
melania and i join the nation in celebrating the life of barbara bush
run donald run! we need strong decisive leader wholl make timely decisions move policy forward and return us 2 prosperity
donald doesnt take shit from anyone run for president already america interesting!
borderline extortion scam they would have used your $1m to extract donations from others
you are a genuine compassionate man loved the show last night thanks peggy
an interesting cartoon that is circulating
you get a fist bump from me for giving that bus driver $10k thank you he deserves it thanks
is it possible for to cover anyone but donald trump on her terrible show she totally misrepresents my words and positions! bad
blt steak excellent service staff chefs manager wonderful dining in honolulu thanks
in answer to your question my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family
we couldnt agree more truly amazing!
general john kelly is doing a fantastic job as chief of staff there is tremendous spirit and talent in the wh dont believe the fake news
for 2016 change that we really can depend on
so much for al gores theory??? trump2016
“donald trump to bill maher pay up” via
we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of nato why? it is time to renegotiate and the time is now!
is a great guy and a total winner! he understood he did not leave me any other choice look forward to keeping in touch
let’s properly check goofy elizabeth warren’s records to see if she is native american i say she’s a fraud!
good news is now leading in north carolina according to the nc gop is united after their cont
wow numbers are really looking bad at new york magazine while very boring it is also very biased too bad was once great!
you have great children future presidentsand we all see were raised right and out there for their father thank you
terrific new book out by the wonderful harris faulkner “9 rules of engagement” harris shares lessons from a military family enjoy!
id give anything for you to be our president you have my vote and all of my families and friends too!!nice
explain? hes a pollster? yes but a really bad and boring one!
just got to listen to rush limbaugh the guy is fantastic!
going to north carolina to make keynote speech sold out crowd!
great interview trump!
crooked hillarys bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to charlotte on saturday to grandstand dem pols said no way dumb!
george will may be the dumbestand most overrated political commentator of all time if the republicans listen to him they will lose
i watched sen graham why dont they say that i ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no support?
in 2008 campaigned against $350 gas it is now $6 in florida and on the rise he is a disaster!
since is on such a transparency kickhow about releasing fast and furious info to brian terrys family?
people do business with those people they like and trust ralph j roberts founder of comcast
look forward to being in the great state of michigan tonight major business expansion and jobs pouring into your state auto companies expanding at record pace big crowd tonight will be live on tv
just heard that crazy and very dumb had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings joe a mess!
focus on your goals not your problems dont tread water get out there and go for it
rt congrats to my running mate on a big debate win! proud to stand with yod.c.e maga
i love what i do you have to have passion for your work in order to be successful thats number one
has not released his own debt plan yet hes totally lost ineffective desperate gop has its best chance to make a great deal
via and jason greenblatt donald trump is a visionary with talents our country needs
amateurs unfortunate but true true our leader is clueless!
just got “fired”—the people spoke ratings were terrible the apprentice brought him back from the dead but he blew it!
of course we have cards unfortunately we also have a community organizer not a seasoned businessman as president!
because theyre afraid of you! trump2016 american
why does the apprentice intro still show your 727? you should show that gorgeous 757!!!! you are right
homie is on celebrity apprenteince with
so let it be written so lets get him elected in a landslide victory in 2016!
good move!
dont let the keystone pipeline die the us needs to be good neighbors with canada and energy independent
also appearing on the miss usa pageant will be country superstar trace adkins and pop rock sensation boys like girls
with gas prices rising and the economy failing seeks to have his epa raise energy prices by $109b
did try to bribe rev wright with $150k? i am sure the media will be all over this
and george ross are back as advisors good to see them! celebapprentice
new the next generation videos
im watching joe who is 100 correct on afghanistan fondling the once great time magazineso sad to see how skimpy it is!
“being true to yourself and your work is an asset remember that assets are worth protecting” – think like a champion
love your response on this morning regarding the brand 🙌
president obama missed the deadline!
youre one of the most educated handsome and sophisticated men that i know of men should aspire to be like you thank you!
you are so stupid!
on my 2nd trip to chicago love your sign on trump towers!!
outgoing cia chief john brennan blasts preselect trump on russia threat does not fully understand oh really couldnt do
i will be on face the nation this morning at various times across the us enjoy!
trump 2016! has a nice ring to it! you have my vote! please run!
replaced on to increase ratings it’s a shame chris’ are even worse sad to see
im glad president obama followed my lead and lowered the flags halfstaff its about time!
russian officials must be laughing at the us and how a lame excuse for why the dems lost the election has taken over the fake news
playing in september the day after playing trump aberdeen! cant wait bucket list courses! have fun
hiddenheroes alleras great champions!
i love this show👍❤️‼️
the media is so after me on women wow this is a tough business nobody has more respect for women than donald trump!
you could change this country around! true and thanks!
when do i get my trumpforpresident trump2016 presskit yardsigns cute stay tuned
crooked hillary cant even close the deal with bernie and the dems have it rigged in favor of hillary four more years of this? no way!
{crooked hillary clinton} created this mess and she knows it draintheswamp
all about trump for president
back by popular demand this year’s allstar sees the return of our fans love her
yesterday in iowa was amazing two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds they love that i am the only candidate selffunding!
entrepreneurs a winning attitude will put things in perspective keep negative thoughts and people where they belongout of the big picture
donald you have such a huge heart love everything trump
my thoughts on the situation in norway and amanda knox trumpvlog
crooked hillary clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years why didnt she do them?
you are truely my hero thats great thanks
ronald kesslers new book the secrets of the fbi is a great book that should be read by everyone
today i am greatly honored to welcome my good friend pm abe of japan to the over the past 16 months the prime minister and i have worked closely together to address common challenges of which there are many
thanks jack!
dont forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of the apprentice 9 pm est on nbc were all in for a fantastic new season!
mike bloomberg is doing a great job as mayor of new york city ray kelly is a great police commissioner
america needs a tough negotiatornot a community organizer
america will never be destroyed from the outsideif we falter and lose our freedomsit will be because we destroyed ourselves a lincoln
i have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing said russia uk china saudi arabia japan
will be featured on this morning now
from the last time donald trump hosted snl — the boardroom band
i appreciate and his straight talk our country needs this
just interviewed by will be aired tonight at 7 pm e on dobbs
the average family has spent $4155 this year filling up the car on $350/gallon average both record highs cont
best response ever! give trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit
my wife the beautiful will be appearing… celebapprentice
42 million hard working americans have already received a large bonus and/or pay increase because of our recently passed tax cut and jobs billand it will only get better! we are far ahead of schedule
now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like the rest dont cut it all wimps!!
if obama mentions mitts tax returns in tomorrows debate then mitt should immediately ask for obamas college records and applications
what is our president doing?
watch what he said yes maybe a bit kinder but a fact is a fact
“representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go if you can’t sell it who will?” – midas touch
a fine man dr paul f crouch has just passed away all christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work
theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice
the republican party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations fueled by trump supporters thank you!
i love the boardroom awkward atmosphere right now celebapprentice
can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in miamiits time
your my only hope if you bow out then i am not voting for anyone else!!! keep the faith!
trump tower punta del este features the trump organizations signature superior quality detail and perfection
bc the elephants are so many the safari club pays for water wells to keep them alive
via “war! trump levin pummel rove as conservative battle escalates”
dont negate your own power whatever youve been dealt know you can deal with it fear is the opposite of faith
my son donald did a good job last night he was open transparent and innocent this is the greatest witch hunt in political history sad!
the art of the deal is a great read filled with excellent real advice definitely worth a read
for the record trump ties are the best ties i have ever owned high quality and very appealing thanks
favorite miami hot spots
republicans are going for the big budget approval today first step toward massive tax cuts i think we have the votes but who knows?
entrepreneurs everything starts with you leadership is not a group effortif youre in charge then be in charge
vets tired of mccain using them as talking points and photo ops and nothing being done
should stop pressuring israel against attacking iran and worry how he will stop the iranian nuclear drive
i rarely agree with president obama however he is 100 correct about crooked hillary clinton great ad!
umm when does celebrityapprentice start?! my girl vivica a fox is guna be on it so im def watchin!!
thanks andrew
the only place where our border is protected is from europeans we educate them in our finest institutions and then have them deported
brilliant 3 word response to hillarys im with you slogan
on 800 beautiful acres in miami boasts 100000 sq ft in meeting space with event planning services
trump international reality will be america’s premiere real estate brokerage house w/ the most distinctive services
how can the economy ever recover when keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes this is no way to spur growth
providing backstage commentary at the miss usa pageant will be comedic motherdaughter duo joan and melissa rivers a fantastic lineup!
agencies not just the fbi and doj now the state department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the election comey had conversations with donald trump which i don’t believe were accuratehe leaked information corrupt” tom fitton of judicial watch on
if the government doesnt start working together the media is right and we will hit a fiscal cliff we need to avoid this
randy moss should not be bragging about himself—i’m the only one who is allowed to do that!
check background and you will find he is not a smart guy—he just wants people to think he isjust call him dummy
is much smarter than sleepy eyes thanks to steve bannon and real reporters
should be president!!! presidenttrump
massive crowd in pensacola florida! unbelievable! thank you! votetrump
rt since inauguration over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the american economy! maga
us tourists threaten to boycott scotland over windfarms write to alex salmond firstminister
channels john kerry on trade she was for bad trade deals before she was against them tpp debates2016
america is mired in the longest job recession since the great depression can get us out of it cont
jags gm stated he would not take tebow even if released can he go back in that statement?!? he should!
an iconic building and top tourist attraction sets new york city’s luxury standard and great food!
for beauty and flight i’ll take the 757 over the 787 any day!
video trump golf links at ferry point
be sure to watch oprah today 4 pm on channel 7 ill be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour
check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged unless you state that you are totally antitrump? little jeff zuker whose job is in jeopardy is not having much fun lately they should clean up and strengthen cnn and get back to honest reporting!
why does lie about his reagan credentials? he’s a bushie through and through
the americanus airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares
the white house correspondents’ dinner was a failure last year but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it the filthy “comedian” totally bombed couldn’t even deliver her linesmuch like the seth meyers weak performance put dinner to rest or start over!
while obama is denying it he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before too busy campaigning?
melania and i join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of billy graham our prayers are with his children grandchildren greatgrandchildren and all who worked closely with reverend graham in his lifelong ministry
out to get you with baited questions she was angry at you very hostile and unprofessional
via by jeffrey lord “new obama scandal erupts trump targeted”
i commend for defending the nypd and commissioner kelly the nypd has done outstanding work in defending nyc from attacks
wait till tonight to see episodew/joan rivers!!a true winner!! hope you paytribute to her greatness! ♡joan rivers !
ms goldberg and her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case they should pay me damages!
wow so many fake news stories today no matter what i do or say they will not write or speak truth the fake news media is out of control!
rt president trump greeting families affected by hurricane harvey texasstrong
can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because i have been openly hard on his terrible choke loss to obama!
wonderful weekend at camp david a very special place a lot of very important work done heading back to the now
word isearly voting in fl is very dishonest little marco his state chairman and their minions are working overtimetrying to rig the vote
should get rid of arod asapi cant watch this guy anymore!
pretty much!
i will be on with at 7 pm tune in! trump2016
joe girardi did a great job of managing the yankees this series
did you hear the cheers from ohio??! celebrity apprentice is back to being my favorite show!
my interview on with had a 40 ratings increase over same sunday last year 20 over last week
well half of mexico will see the event because they are here in the usa
watch the latest from the desk of donald trump at and read this article
river lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 star guestrooms
great interview by with chris farrell of judicial watch concerning the governments counterintelligence operation into the trump campaign spygate at the highest level who would believe?
dont let them build a wind turbine in your backyard or near your house it will destroy your property value
i have never voted before but if mrtrump ran for president i would love nothing more than for my first vote to go to him
bird killing windfarm that i oppose in aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years forced the failing developers to delay!
jeb bush spent more than $40000000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5 i spent $3000000 to come in 1st big difference in capability!
like anything mr trump puts his name on simply amazing!! the bronx needed the trump touch! thanks
the concept of global warming was created by and for the chinese in order to make us manufacturing noncompetitive
watch what happens dummyit wont be pretty
im finally all caught up w celebapprentice loveitloveit great!
ap has just reported that the russian hoax investigation has now cost our government over $17 million and going up fast no collusion except by the democrats!
my int on the zimmerman trial and verdict courage of the jury and reactions!
apples iphone sales fell way shortthey must go to a larger screen as alternative fast as i said long ago! samsungs size much better
thanks christian and good luck
hillarys debate answer on delay that is horrifying that is not the way our democracy works been around for 240 years weve had free
be tenacious being tenacious means youre tough and patient at oncea formidable combination
epic crowd in moon township pennsylvania tonight thank you! get out on tuesday and vote for rick together we are making america great again!
summers almost here update your business wardrobe with trump signature collection exclusively available
reckless is projecting $12t deficit from 2012 budget and a projected $254t debt in a decade
rt good to hear is on boardgop is the party of free enterprisejoin us as we innovate
melania and i were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the members of the us military and their families
today it was my great honor to present the medalofhonor to seal master chief special warfare operator britt slabinski in the east room of the full ceremony
join me live with and unleashingamericanenergy
go mr trump! israel is behind you!
great boardroom celebapprentice
if the saudis are so concerned about syria then they should go in themselves stop telling us to do their dirty work
another investment triumphthe $500billion american funded finnish plug in cars are all being recalled
pres o a bump in the road in reference to our ambassadors and others killing in libya
again not news news is he leads nc and will have nh on next true poll stop attacking the truth
trump is more than just talk i hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country trump2016
thanks lee!
he has more smarts than any one of the politicians he trumped again ! trump tcot election2016
heading to dc to speak at faith and freedom coalition and visit opo
the fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred and are unwatchable is great!
you can make us great by running for potus! you have my vote a million times over ☑️
by donald trump tells why hes eyeing the white houseill tell you why he could win
no gilbert wasnt good he cant be focused on the product more interested in a laugh
just bought a trump series mattress awesome and exactly what you expect from trump thanks
thanks my champion geraldoand very true
great job on television this morning glad to have you on my side!
before mr trumps presidential bid i was leaning toward walker! glad i was saved from stepping in something terrible
thanks seth!
crimea was taken by russia during the obama administration was obama too soft on russia?
the democratic party has never given latinos anything! just manipulate them through univision
i would like to thank for the really nice review of trump national doral best renovation of the year and maybe all time
why are we still giving billions of dollars we dont have in foreign aid to the muslim brotherhood in egypt?
this has to stop! loves accruing american debthe missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion
i would like to express my warmest regards best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc
is excellent on american idol—great touch solid guy!
excited for the miss universe! hi 👋👋
people get what is going on!
if you are steadfast in your efforts critics will be harmless achievers move forward and achievement is not a plateau its a beginning
stay tuned for my big obama announcement probably on wednesday
totally agree
the republican establishment has been pushing for lightweight senator marco rubio to say anything to hit trumpi signed the pledgecareful
is anthony weiner a jerk or what!
sgt bowe bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back us has to get tough!
i voted 4 reagan to make america great i will vote 4 to makeamericagreatagain trump
it is a great honor to have helped the community so much
watching fantastic show! has very interesting take on paul ryan
this from the guy who advocated freedom for mike tyson? oh i guess im not a racist!
thanks darren
well as predicted the 9th circuit did it again ruled against the travel ban at such a dangerous time in the history of our country sc
today it was my honor to welcome president nursultan nazarbayev of kazakhstan to the
a nation without borders is not a nation at all we must have a wall the rule of law matters jeb just doesn’t get it
how can nys allow lightweight to remain in office? what are jcope and moreland commissions waiting on?
64 stories of golden glass over the strip elite hotel rooms feature floortoceiling windows
donald trump will never ever get old ever wow what a nice thing to say!
hillary said that guns dont keep you safe if she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
“there are no environments where youre only going to win because life just isnt like that” bobby orr
spoke with governor of north carolina today he is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances
donaldtrump was right about rosieodonnell she is a no talent loser who deserves her comeuppance
after all is said and done more is said than done aesop
i cant wait for your inauguration!! the beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants make america great again thanks
show the is the best reality show on tv educative informative
wow “fbi lawyer james baker reassigned” according to
im gonna defend my thesis tomorrow any advice for people who have stage fright like me? be cool!
“what the mind can conceive and believe and the heart desire you can achieve” norman vincent peale
rt happy new year everyone newyear family vacation familytime
thanksjust common sense
wow more than 90 of fake news media coverage of me is negative with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories hence my use of social media the only way to get the truth out much of mainstream meadia has become a joke!
americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities
interesting and thanks!
gop now viewed more favorably than dems in trump era per nbc/wsj poll via
do you think that very dumb reporterblogger mckay coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in florida?
to vote for me and century 21 for the best superbowl commercial click the following link and “like” the page
hey call to handle your situation firebrittmchenry to harsh
with this months 224page book crippled america trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate
the best ending to the oscars would have been saying youre fired
highly overrated and crazy is always complaining about trump and yet she devotes her shows to me focus on others megyn!
i was not scheduled to be on the pure fiction!
unemployment is plaguing both black and hispanic youths very troubling
i agree 100
i dont want to be the only billionaire in americai want all americans to be rich
donald youre so handsome i can speak paltrow loser trump 2016 rock n roll back in the oval not paltrow
i believe america can be great only with proper leadership
we stand by trump 100 thank you!
entrepreneurs dont expect anyone to be on your side sometimes were all in this alone so believing in yourself is mandatory
i support k9’s for warriors a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans please contact
thank you
has aberdeen said thank you yet? youvebeentrumped no
presidentelect donald j trump intends to nominate congressman tom price and seema verma
sir you would have my vote 100 guaranteed if you decided to show these demorats how to run this country
the polls are really looking good— 1 everywhere despite all lobbyist and special interest $ being spent against me i’m turning down millions
thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight many people watched and commented
donald trump 2016 you better win
“whether you realize it or not your brand can be many times more valuable than your business” – midas touch
watch me explain on the how my charitable offer to obama changes the election and is about transparency
“my advice to you regarding momentum is definitive get yours going!” – think like a champion
friday is the last day to enter the counting sheep for hire contest click here wwwyoutubecom/user/mattressserta and you could win a trip
have u ever considered meeting w/ obama? he might be open to your wisdom and business savvy i doubt it!
today i was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 billion and 20k american jobs over the next 4 years thank you…
seeks my advice on prenups tonight at 9 pm on bravo
we built perhaps the greatest golf course in the worldbringing business to scotland
thoughts on snowden being granted asylum in russia? no respect for us by russia
read midas touch great book for entrepreneurs good luck!
but not hard enoughgood luck chris
in last nights cnndebate proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore americas future
icymi fantastic commercial feat and tombrady thanks and
wrong totally proved my case but didnt get damages because the libel laws in this country suck!
congratulations to on her superb win she is terrific!
great to see captain derek jeter back on the field he will have another great season and make nyc proud again
id vote for you
spa at trump® offers 12 treatment rooms and 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the chicago skyline
if you really want to succeed youll have to go for it every day the big time isnt for slackers keep up your stamina and remain curious
celebapprentice fans watch todays trumpvlog to find out about our new app
thank you for your support cdcwhistleblower youre welcome
congrats mr trump justice prevails
wow i hear has gone really hostile ever since i said i wont do or watch the show anymorethey misrepresent my positions!
this country needs an unscripted hero like the donald makeamericagreatagain 💚 thank you
no president in history has lied to the american people more than president obama in fact it is not even close!
i was invited to be with mitt romney tonight win lose or draw i’ll be there!
obama and the democrats want this shutdown they think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014 don’t believe!
gop voters trust donald trump to keep our country safe
thank you! gopdebate polls makeamericagreatagain
bernie sanders must really dislike crooked hillary after the way she played him many of his supporters because of trade will come to me
congratulations to miss rhode island on winning the miss usa contest she did an amazing job
sen jeff flakey who is unelectable in the great state of arizona quit race anemic polls was caught purposely on “mike” saying bad things about your favorite president he’ll be a no on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “toast”
so? how does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder?
fm of scotland spent more than $750000 of taxpayers $ to visit ryder cup in chicagopeanuts compared to his windmill folly
i dont get and his terrible show he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect check past!
with jemele hill at the mike it is no wonder espn ratings have tanked in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
trump speech is on cspan right nowfyi
donald trump gets over $1 million to speak tony blair $600k rudy giuliani $270k a greenspan $250k
i dont know was making a lot of sense this am great interview
fantastic win we are all proud of you! your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not
get the vote out in california today for rep kevin mccarthy and all of the great gop candidates for congress keep our country out of the hands of high tax high crime nancy pelosi
is the best choice for ny its time for a real leader in ny again nygop thanks
spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in south carolina great people and spirit today will be more of the same
thanks susan
with our amazing all star cast and are also returning as boardroom advisors
trump right illegal families crossing border set to double 51152 so far
i knew last year that magazine lost all credibility when they didnt include me in their top 100
who do i look up to? the answer is donald trump thank you work hard and smart
big day at the united nations many good things and some tricky ones happening we have a great team big speech at 10 00 am
iran and the united states just pushed deadline back seven months on working out a nuclear deal iran is tapping along our bad negotiators!
the washington post calls out crookedhillary for what she really is a pathological liar! watch that nose grow!
if you voted for obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid thanks walter d!
if ebola is so noncontagious how come an nbc cameraman caught it so quickly while over in west africa? us is behaving very foolishly!
my interview discussing ebola obama’s incompetence and my trip to iowa for on sat
congratulations to the white house for every 1 obamacare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices very unfair!
i think hes worth a very serious look he speaks boldly like reagan and is/was a big fan of reagan!
sixteen is amazing!!!! the best dinner ive ever had in my life!!! thanksbest in chicago!
vince mcmahon and i hold the alltime ratings and payperview record in the history of wrestling
i love that in addition to everything else so much money is raised for such great causes on celebrity apprenticeall proud of that!
just a small percentage
hey be president
why are we letting the three girls who left the us to join isis back into the country? how stupid has our once respected country become!
i look up to you mr trump i wsnt to be like you when i grow up can i get a reply?
take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever all star
jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event i am fighting to make sure it doesnt happen againjeb is too softwe need tougher and sharper
poll numbers way up making big progress!
hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the united states draintheswamp
new ad criticizes obama for his excessive spending and debt borrowing from china didnt bush do the same thing?
it was an honor to be the grand marshall in the salute to israel parade back in 2004
my interview with where i explain that gas is headed to $5 $6 and why cant win
what was bush and obamas biggest mistake the lives and $15 trillion spent on iraqwhich is failing
$ave your $ don’t invest in he doesn’t have a clue
president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states!
people are going crazy with my comments on diet coke soda lets face itthis stuff just doesnt work it makes you hungry
what is he reading? oscars
someone should inform that despite spending millions of $s on graphics it is not the democratic debate rather the democrat s d!
celebrity apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on cnbc
today the us flag flies at halfstaff at the in honor of national pearl harbor remembrance day
yes she is very tall510
the democrats in the super committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks huge mistake cut wasteful spending first
love asking for the truth! he knows hell get it!
i agree is going down with and patch and hates tim armstrong
rt 100 true gt is right did call tpp ‘the gold standard’ debates2016
meryl streep one of the most overrated actresses in hollywood doesnt know me but attacked last night at the golden globes she is a
say it loud and say it proud we want trump!!!!!!
highlights the opening of brand new redtiger course
obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off air force one doesn’t look presidential and at some point he will take a fall
hillary advisers wanted her to avoid supporting israel when talking to democrats
rising over bay street brings opulent luxury along with our famous worldclass amenities to the queen city
entrepreneurs be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally that’s good business
very nice thanks
twitlonger betawhy should he? hes only the potusand has no opinion on whether the senate should pass a budget
the pga tour just extended my trump doral contract for wgc for ten years
ive never felt more strongly about anything in my life you are the only person who can truly fix america
mr trump will you consider running for president? the country needs you
the should immediately stop paying arod—he signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie
back in dc big week for tax cuts and many other things of great importance to our country senate republicans will hopefully come through for all of us the tax cut bill is getting better and better the end result will be great for all!
thats what i hear
the chinese are mistreating hillary clinton on her trip they have zero respect for us outrageous!
donald run please you can fix this mess
secure your place at the national achievers congress in london it will be an amazing event with a great surprise
reuters just announced that secret service never spoke to me or my campaign made up story by is a hoax totally dishonest
americas hearts and prayers are with the people of puertorico and the usvi we will get through this and we will get through this together!
wow the ridiculous deal made between lyinted cruz and 1 for 42 john kasich has just blown up what a dumb deal dead on arrival!
30 million americans are unemployed yet obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get amnesty
put pressure on the democrats to end the horrible law that separates children from there parents once they cross the border into the us catch and release lottery and chain must also go with it and we must continue building the wall! democrats are protecting ms13 thugs
my interview with last night on missed his opportunity
thank you for your nice words i am rapidly becoming a fan!
guys trump is busy running the trump brand he is not going to take a step down as president watch
tbt on the stage during the emmys performing green acres with megan mullally
as i made very clear today our country needs the security of the wall on the southern border which must be part of any daca approval
our relationship with russia is at an alltime and very dangerous low you can thank congress the same people that cant even give us hcare!
donaldtrump if mr trump runs and becomes the next president you can rest assure he would address them swiftly!
new book by is absolutely terrific and a must read! wakeupamerica
hey where can i buy your shirts and ties in the uk please? 😳 go to macys online
i know who id endorse and give my money in a heartbeat and thats please run! thank you
think big set your vision high and go for it youll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do midas touch
one of the best produced including the incredible stage and set in the history of conventions great unity! big tv ratings!
16 fake news stories reporters have run since trump won
low energy jeb bush just endorsed a man he truly hates lyin’ ted cruz honestly i can’t blame jeb in that i drove him into oblivion!
son don jr on fox says sr more concerned about the safety of americans than offending people
crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision place is angry and going wild fight was not even close! disgusting
trading shots with donald trumpa great article in the wall street journal
great couple great book!
success seems to be connected with action successful people keep moving they make mistakes but they dont quit conrad hilton
arod’s lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere he should be banned from spring training
record 14 million primary votes/beat 16 opponents/financed own campaign you will be a great potus and makeamericagreatagain
a really bad night for president obama now the republicans have to get together and get the job done!
big leads for the peoples potus 2016gopnomination trump2016 makeamericagreatagai great!
pres expects to play nice like not going to happen and the result is going to be much different
best show on television celebrity apprentice celebapprentice
just out 39 unemployment 4 is broken! in the meantime witch hunt!
thank you for you support virginia! in one day get out and votetrumppence16! icymi
rt insurers seeking huge premium hikes on obamacare plans
the dying news paper in nh is in turmoil over my comments about them like a bully that got knocked out!
“let other people talk any business conversation should be twosided” – think like a billionaire
thank you redding california! makeamericagreatagain caprimary
erin brady is doing a fantastic job representing trump miss usa smart gorgeousa really positive force!
a woman who got fired after two days of working with scott walker a wacko now trying to raise funds to fight me
lying traitor snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the russians or chinese why doesn’t he come home then?
with and from two great people!
been a big fan since i read art of deal when i was 22 great!
mark burnett is an ep on apprentice and the job your producer is also your opponent? dont carelove to win
the donald is crushing it
please please please run 2016
i believe in 2016 🇺🇸
great victory for people of blackdog scotland they defeated substation stopping inefficient and ugly wind turbines
and
its time to let pete rose the all time hits leader into the baseball hall of fame enough already!!!!!
thank you bobby bowden for the intro tonight and your support! i hope i can do as well for florida as you have done!
obama isnt smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like please run for potus we need you
rt i have never been to prague in my life fake news
would be nothing without being on the show i don’t see what sean sees in her—loser!
dont miss my fabulous world of golf now in its second season on golf channel beginning tonight at 9 pm et
chinas financial institutions are expanding overseas they will own everything if we dont stop them now
do you agree with the clients decision? celebapprentice
you haven’t seen fireworks until you see and go at it again! let’s just say it’s no happy reunion…
now china is trying to take over a us airbase this is only the beginning they only understand toughness!
windmills are destroying every country they touch and the energy is unreliable and terrible
i am now a big believer in think big strategies
presents the nj coast red cross a $40000 check for sandy relief you can tell he’s very pleased about thatamp rightly so
watch me tonight on late night with jimmy fallonphoto lloyd bishop/nbc
has built up a great show celebapprentice
i have to admit is a tough smart guy he is formidable by any standard!
i hope runs for president for obvious reasons
a clip from my interview with discussing the cast of season 5
during primetime of the iowa caucus cruz put out a release that was quitting the race and to caucus or vote for cruz
id work like a dog to help trump get elected no politician can fix the mess in washington trump2016
and should change their fraudulent story to say that i dropped and the apprentice to run for president!
not to mention we probably dont have the money to spend on another long war!! so true!
a $15b website that can only handle 50k users at a time is sad but no surprise!
just watching nbc news where our potential attack is being detailedthe exact ships the stealth bombers the destinationsso ridiculous!
i have not run it for many years i sold it a long time ago great deal great timing when i owned it a top place!
so proud of nascar and its supporters and fans they wont put up with disrespecting our country or our flag they said it loud and clear!
thanks tanja!
get our marine out of mexico
while i was in moscow i see that president obsma apologized for his lie i mean statement on obamacare! how nice of him to be so forthright
watch the 2011 missuniverse pageant tonight at 9 pm on nbc
the us has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with mexico it has been a onesided deal from the beginning of nafta with massive numbers
me too no more shopping at macys
so had another game winning shot last night looks like the knicks have not only found a new point guard cont
its friday how many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? they are an environmental and aesthetic disaster
any coincidence finale is on presidents day? trump2016
i will be in wisconsin until the election jobs trade and immigration will be big factors i will bring jobs back home make great deals!
the intelligence briefing on socalled russian hacking was delayed until friday perhaps more time needed to build a case very strange!
sir ive always respected you i was born and raised in buffalo and would love yod.c.wner of the
the only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me roads airports bridges i know how to build pols only know how to talk!
basically nothing hillary has said about her secret server has been true crookedhillary
derek jeter wants to rent an apartment derekonly in a trump buildingtrump is lucky for you
just as i predicted immigration reform will increase the cost of obamacare over $300b more money borrowed from china
i could sleep tonight if you told me we will see on celebrity apprentice before i dieshe would be great
the harder i work the luckier i get samuel goldwyn
we know you will respect the propertyand bring new life to it putting turnberry on my bucket list great!
will be spending the day campaigning in connecticut another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries i will stop this fast!
the journey to maga began 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something i look forward to every year see you at cpac2018!
donald is onto something here russ does look like a really bad lost dummy joke with a fried mind
icymi you can watch my full press conference with on
agree with mr trump for nominee to win in 2016 cant be mitt bold conservative needed
true!
by popularextremely demand i will be live tweeting the oscars2014 on sunday night tell all your friends i will not be pulling punches!
wow just looked at the stats for national review dying fast doing very little business save this conservative voice!
americans understand that the us has a spending problem not a revenue problem timetogettough
terrible jobs report just reported only 38000 jobs added bombshell!
i own turnberry in scotland one of great resorts in world women’s british open there this week i’ll go for two days and back on trail
this election that is a direct threat to our democracy she then said we have to accept the results and look to the future donald
celebrity apprentice is on !! its monday baby!
the people of south carolina are embarrassed by nikki haley!
celebrityapprentice way to go shawn johnson! foreal
rt success tip achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau its a beginning
clive davis gave a great eulogy at my friend whitney houstons funeralabsolutely amazing!
spitzer never made 10 cents on his ownhe worked for his very rich father a friend of mine who never thought much of eliot as a businessman
it’s thursday how many people have lost their healthcare today?
lightweight ag eric schneiderman sued school with a 98 approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished a total crook?
the top course on the west coast overlooks pacific ocean and offers a luxurious public golf experience
“ the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do steve jobs”
isnt it time we had a president? let goofy glen keep canada cruz who cant win the american people have trump!
reform dc? haha joke only one close 2 being able to do that is trump
visited chicago 4 1st time and saw your fantastic addition to skyline amazing and locals call it a success!
you would make an awesome president we need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around thanks
the big story is the unmasking and surveillance of people that took place during the obama administration
i think hell lead the polls like last time it will be a healthy victory for trump
kim jong un of north korea who is obviously a madman who doesnt mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before!
trump continues to rise in the polls! the american people are speaking and speaking loudly 2016election trump2016
donald you are the smartest man ever and the most visionary! thanks!
nbc relies too much on an out of touch lorne michaels
the entrepreneur builds an enterprise the technician builds a job michael gerber
the passage of the accountability and whistleblower protection act is great news for veterans! i lo…
who would have thought that an champion would return to compete? returns to allstar
rt who has voted today??? feedback from the polls? im like a kid on christmas! supertuesday makeamericagreatagain
michael forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company glenfiddich gave him scot of the year award
people are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the fed will be🎥
it is absolutely a work of art trump thank you
the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for pres and bring common sense back to govt thx
just received my order of brand ties in the mail today sharpest looking ties on the market thanks!
wow donaldtrump just hit 90 milliongreat moment for tbt
my administration will continue to work around the clock with governor and his team great progress being made! prstrong🇵🇷
this country cannot take four more years of barack obama! debate
great job on letterman youre absolutely correct about healthcare its horrible and not working
on tomorrow morning is going to be great donald is such an entertaining interview thanks
witch hunt!
the democrats when they incorrectly thought they were going to win asked that the election night tabulation be accepted not so anymore!
sorry to hear of the passing of neil armstrong over the weekend he was an american hero
today it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 ncaa football national champion alabama crimson tide to the white house congratulations! rolltide
im right t pm is wrong did not issue a special statement for christmashowever he issued one cont
dan of course stories on me do well glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on tv was not your forte
just goes for the throat
this is the best deal the republicans could get?
the live finale of is this sunday at 9/8c watch and see who will be the first ever allstar celebrity apprentice
oh really check out innocent discussion on show 5 years agoi am the innocent pure one!
only one of but thanks!
siri respectfully request that you save america and run for president
rt wray needs to clean house now we know the politicization even worse than mccabes ties to mcauliffe/clinton it also infe…
please send a psychiatrist to help she’s in a bad state to girlfriend’s parents get cont
be sure to keep following announcements on the develo pm ent of trump international golf club dubai will be spectacular
let’s together make america great again! vote trump at
please tell prime minister trudeau and president macron that they are charging the us massive tariffs and create nonmonetary barriers the eu trade surplus with the us is $151 billion and canada keeps our farmers and others out look forward to seeing them tomorrow
rebar at trump international chicago is awesome
i want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the we will never fail and we will always protect your second amendment! god bless you and god bless america!
ivanka trump would be the cutest first daughter in us history if donaldtrump became president! elegantclassy and adorable
via by mboyle1 exclusive donald trump confirmed to speak at cpac2014
looking forward to seeing joe mcquaid curtis barry and my many friends in the granite state!
my son donald openly gave his emails to the media and authorities whereas crooked hillary clinton deleted and acid washed her 33000 emails!
we need yod.c.resident mrtrump a leader that knows what to do! agree
fact – every successful gop senate candidate just elected ran on repealing obamacare in january it’s time to move!
many syrian ‘rebels’ are radical jihadis not our friends and supporting them doesnt serve our national interest stay out of syria!
trump for president youve had my vote a long time ago 2016
i love brandi you go girl kick some a$$!!!
thank you clive iowa!
played 3 separate audio bites the most of anyone of my cpac speech hour 3 in fridays show
general flynn was given the highest security clearance by the obama administration but the fake news seldom likes talking about that
that is genius
the people of colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians biggest story in politics this will not be allowed!
president obama is finally getting hammered even by his most loyal supporters and the pressi guess they can only take so much!
look how small the pages have become looks like a tabloid—saving money i assume!
very proud to announce that maralago was awarded top historic building in the state by the illustrious cont
the wall street journal has reported that obamas food stamp policies are ushering in a massive food stamp crime wave timetoget tough
i will sign the first bill to repeal obamacare and give americans many choices and much lower rates!
saw try to hit a ball in lake tahoe while i played in tournament he’s got no talent or strength!!!!
join me in roanoke virginia tomorrow at the berglund center coliseum ~ 6 pm ! tickets available at …
big week next week when the american embassy in israel will be moved to jerusalem congratulations to all!
you are a great looking guy who is really smart you can do much better than your current girlfriend shes nothing!
the stimulus is a net negative effect on the growth of gdp over 10 years as admitted by own cbo
“i always follow my own instincts but i am not going to kid you it’s also nice to get good reviews” the art of the deal
people need to wake up mr trump you are the most qualified person to ever run for president of the united states truth
just out wonderful poll in north carolina trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
he will destroy hillary but why give cnn record breaking ratings cnn can go to hell trump 2016
more than a century after conquering flight the wrightbrothers continue to motivate and inspire americans who never tire of exploration and innovation this great american spirit can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation
youre killing jeb in the polls! keep it up!
looking forward to next week’s unveiling of the red tiger an 18 hole masterpiece w/two island greens
i hope everybody reads the article “shakedown schneiderman” – the ag of new york
thank you evansville indiana! makeamericagreatagain
via by “moon cycle cant defeat on
even though i am not mandated by law to do so i will be leaving my busineses before january 20th so that i can focus full time on the
southcarolina if you want a job next january today will work for the people
not really!
“presidential proclamation on adjusting imports of aluminum into the united states” proclamation
mrt you were the first to call it right weeks ago regarding the ebola virus not enough restrictions to get into the us
rt happy birthday
first minister will be destroying the beauty of scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines
look forward to being in dc tomorrow—big crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with iran
obama makes george w bush look like the brightest crayon in the box
great job on this morning!!!
via who won the gopdebate?
crooked hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the us senate goofy elizabeth warren who lied on heritage
we expect you to have some more investments in turkeyistanbul mr trump love istanbul!
how do you like the dallas mavericks chances tonight against phoenix? i dont!
remember that i am selffunding my campaign hillary jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money100 controlled
if the gop screws trump his millions will walk from the gop never to return! they better think long and hard
“to keep momentum keep challenging yourself” – think big
gina haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the cia she is exceptionally qualified and the senate should confirm her immediately we need her to keep our great country safe! confirmgina
if you run for president i will go door to door convincing people to vote for you thanks!
great job rncincle
“if you want to be the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business” think like a billionaire
frack now and frack fast!!! american prosperity depends on it our economic renaissance is here
just completed call with president moon of south korea very happy and impressed with 150 united nations vote on north korea sanctions
just arrived in taormina with melania g7summit usa🇺🇸
president obama could totally solve the problem with putin by demanding that russia sign on to obamacare thereby destroying their economy!
thanks for telling it how it is
we should not attack syria but if they make the stupid move to do so the arab leaguewhose members are laughing at us should pay!
is incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
dont let the global warming wiseguys get away with changing the name to climate change because the facts do not let gw tag to work anymore!
looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11am at
donald trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the bronx
cant think of a better candidate donald trump
the eu just dropped their selfimposed carbon tax i bet they wish they had all that money back!
why isnt the house intelligence committee looking into the bill and hillary deal that allowed big uranium to go to russia russian speech
hell never run can you really imagine trump putting all his wealth in a blind trust? i ve done worse!
our country needs a smart experienced successful man trump 2016
rt a lot of tough decisions got us to this point but we’re closer than we’ve been in 30 years to a fairer tax code that k…
i settled the trump university lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as president i have to focus on our country
hi sarahave a great time!
thank you for your amazing help and support big win leaving now for atlanta and nevadathe people of south carolina got it!
via by eugene r dunn “impeach obama and elect trump”
“a big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from” – think like a champion
i made birdie on 8 last month enjoy that back nine great stretch at the end! trumpdoral
“to state the obvious if any business operated the way the government does it would go under” timetogettough
but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage
obama is an easy target on foreign policy has many openings to attack especially when obama starts bragging about bin laden
you are so good and so talented that i have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the new blue monster
a mans children speak much of him u have raised them well and will represent us well u will win thanks
via by “donald trump will end outsourcing if president”
great to see you building more in canada!!! thanks
i was interviewed by greta van susteren today here at trump tower tune in tonight on fox news at 10 pm … cont
with one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history with atlanta texas and parts of florida freezing global warming anyone?
awarded 5 stars by offers executive chef new menu
i will be on the tonight at 11 30
commissioner adam silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning donald sterling
i could listen to you on howard for a whole day straight no one promotes himself better then you trumprules
honored to be attending rev 95th birthday his life and work has brought hope and faith to millions worldwide
i wonder what the great generals like patton the big m or robert e lee would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?
my lawyers want to sue the failing so badly for irresponsible intent i said no for now but they are watching really disgusting
thanks for all of the great support but i just dont see myself wanting to run for governor of new york i have something else in mind!
thanks mark
for all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack please remember the late great charles bronsonno more crime!
my interview discussing jamie dimon banking regulations and mark zuckerbergs prenuptial
a strong poland is a blessing to the nations of europe and a strong europe is a blessing to the west and to the world
rt rt if you agree and are wrong for america! vpdebate maga
awaiting your response on june 16 you would be the best ever
i thought this was the us open not the wanna be british open
im in the states next week and whenever i am there i always buy trump shirts and ties i luv em
there is hope!! thank god hopefortoday podcast interview guest paula is a winner!
im on bill tonight at 8 pm it will be another lively interview about how to makeamericagreatagain!
haha i think its cute how my sister likes donald trump ☺ tell your sister i think shes great!
iran will convince our incompetent president that they are trying to help us with iraq take over the country and oil and o will say thanks
sitting at the foot of the whitestone bridge is an 18hole signature course
behind the scenes photo of and i filming an interview watch tonight at 10 pm et on
congrats to team usa and capt for retaining the pga cup! well done and well deserved!
via donald trump eyes 2016 by
worst ever issue of magazine—bad food graydon carter should be fired!
was terrible on yesterday angry and obnoxious she will never make it on tv can do so much better!
the trump organization finalizes purchase of legendary turnberry resort in scotland
i hear your filmography is stacked with failures
watch this great behind the scenes video of spring 2013 photo shoot
strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact donald j trump
youre only a year away from 2016 pick a running mate happy new year
hey i really love you and youre awesome thanks lucy
its a great hotel and city glad you enjoyed it
today is the day america becomes great again has some huge news that will shock the world trump4president
condolences to the family of the young woman killed today and best regards to all of those injured in charlottesville virginia so sad!
thank you georgia! i appreciate all of your support trump2016
olivia is greatx10
happy easter have a great day!
hillary clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign flashbackfriday
i love your honesty! yournotfired lol thank you
when a country taxes our products coming in at say 50 and we tax the same product coming into our country at zero not fair or smart we will soon be starting reciprocal taxes so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us $800 billion trade deficithave no choice!
senator tom cotton was great on meet the press yesterday despite a totally onesided interview by chuck todd the end result was solid!
is the man we need come 2016 presidential election!!!!! trumpforpresident!!!!
trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do attacked the media for all their lies
an extremely credible source has called my office and told me that birth certificate is a fraud
everybody is laughing at jeb bushspent $100 million and is at bottom of pack a pathetic figure!
great interview with it will b interesting 2 c if runsif so i hope u get 2 interview him
photo from of trump international golf links and hotel ireland
will be doing a live thanksgiving video teleconference with members of the military at 9 00 am afghanistan iraq uss monterey turkey and bahrain then going to coast guard quarters florida
which one of your books should i read first? the art of the deal
pennsylvania is in play all undecideds in philly suburbs should ask themselves who do you trust most on
horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in egypt the world cannot tolerate terrorism we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence!
you got it donald that resort will be the best!!!!
congratulations to and for winning control of the state house and executive council while holding state senate strong results!
arod should donate his contract to charity he doesnt make the any money and he doesnt perform he is a $30m/yr rip off
rt went to the senate today to say and i fully support grahamcassidy plan to repeal/replace obamacare lets get this done http…
pew poll holds commanding lead
speaking to a record crowd of over 20000 people in charlotte arena this saturday morning—look forward to it!
twitlonger betafor a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is obama also appears surprisingly clueless cont
amazing beautiful place!! thanks!
one of the many reasons that dropped out of windfarm project—they couldn’t solve military radar defense problems
what the hell is obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the us! is he stupid or arrogant?
logan you are wrong on this is a tough and talented guyamp very loyala rarity in life
make our country great again trump for president !
celebrityapprentice is the absolute best show on television thanks!
because she shoots straight like you do mr trump no bullsh!t just truth! factcheck quithatin
i am going to expand the definition of lobbyist so we close all the loopholes! draintheswamp
i will be going to trump links at ferry point for the official opening of this long delayed but future nyc treasure course great job d
if the republican convention had blown up with emails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player bernie media would go wild
get the big picturebut be prepared for the picture to change where theres a will theres a win think positively!
nice article on trump links at ferry point in todays new york post the construction is going really well!
north korea is behaving very badly they have been playing the united states for years china has done little to help!
last time lightweight tried to knock off he made a total fool of himself if he doesnt do better this time he is out!
good morning started reading think big yesterday and already almost finished thank you for writing it thanks
i hope all the rs will stay strong and stand up to owe need closed bdrs no common core lower taxes for bns
thats because is the man thanks!
i will be speaking at 9 00 am today to police chiefs and sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible dangerous and wrong decision
pollster trend national gop average223 national polls and 33 pollsters makeamericagreatagain trump2016
its time to start your political career the people want you to run
robert slater who just passed away was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me he will be missed
via ‘most overrated man in politics’responsible for ashley judd’s rise”
has ag schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? we will find out
via by why donald trump is right
and both did a wonderful job hosting everyone loved and performances!
new poll thank you! trump2016
i wonder what the work atmosphere is like it must be hard working at a dying institution
i really wish would run for president
what is key to attracting new customersthanks the gold standard only the best for clients and customers every time
they attack trump for not giving policy is the most important detail he wins
thanks vanso true
scotland does not have free press even when you are just stating the factsits crazy!
america desperately needs leadership and values obama is a disgrace we need a winner and that is trump
join me in reno nevada tomorrow at 3 30 pm ! americafirst magatickets
lightweight is fighting with –cuomo wins that one easily schneiderman is a total loser
the art of the deal in action theres a pinch of reagan in there thank you
premiering on january 4th the 14th season of will have major fireworks every episode the board room is electric!
for all of those that think life is easy and don’t want to work remember hope is the poor man’s bread
jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me
cant watch crazy megyn anymore talks about me at 43 but never mentions that there are four people in race with two people big and over!
2014 is a big year for apprentice too! 10 years ago this january it started! so true amazing!
“leverage don’t make deals without it” – the art of the deal
very nice christhanks!
chinas business interests reach far and wideeven domestically within our borders we need to reassess our relationship
it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country not a right make america great again!
go get em donald! enough with the pc crap tell it like it is and actually fix problems
you got my vote for 2016! votefortrump
this is my favorite person greatest bussinesman in the world !! i want to be like him thank you
flashback1986 saved a georgia farm thank you nice memories!
dc has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt we can’t send another politician to the white house
the only hope for america to break from the single party establishment is to vote for trump2016
great meeting with and leaders including
trump 2016 yard signs where can we get them? everywhere!
gr8 spot on insightful honest intelligent xommon sense u woulf make a phenomenal gov of ny
remember obama limped across the finish linehe should have lost to hillary be careful!
please buy pinehurst next! and fix it make it beautiful again!
thanks bobbie
thank you indiana we were just projected to be the winner we have won in every category you are very special peoplei will never forget!
which they should!
i want talented people to come into this country—to work hard and to become citizens silicon valley needs engineers etc
please thank for his cool note to me supportive of the fight for justice for joe paterno
location and modern rooms make visitors feel like theyre livin the good life
i love all sports!
rosie odonnell should leave lindsay lohan alone has bigger problems than lindsay lindsays mother called my office for help
unless you catch hackers in the act it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking why wasnt this brought up before election?
time magazine called to say that i was probably going to be named “man person of the year” like last year but i would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot i said probably is no good and took a pass thanks anyway!
tbt here i am with and
i we broke the alltime record for most votes gotten in a republican primary by a lot and with many states left to go! thank you
a special message for martin bashir
was just thinking that! what a boring show! snooze fest!
youre a funny guy! vote
praying for your family and your win in new york thank you!
the recent kansas election congress was a really big media event until the republicans won now they play the same game with georgiabad!
success is good success with significance is even better work on what you will be proud to be associated withmake your work count
it is time to take back our country and make america great again! caucusfortrump video
one of the reasons i am no fan of john mccain is that our vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians i will fix va quickly
wilsonbut he probably wont get it
i will be interviewed by on at 9 00 pm enjoy!
speech on veterans reform
i predict that dying news paper which has been run into the ground by publisher stinky joe mcquaid will be dead in 2 years!
rt 2016 was such an incredible year for our entire family! my beautiful wife made it even better! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
great gifts for my hard working husband! love macys!
is the key to success thanks
we never shopped at macys anyway and will now encourage three daughters not to as well
is the only man fit to run our country what a knack for politics and business what a man!! thanks
i own a fitness business all over the the bay area on ca so has been a huge motivator
crooked hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! she will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
tremendous pressure on president obama to institute a travel ban on ebola stricken west africa at some point this stubborn dope will fold!
praises good guy trump and his upstanding and grounded kids
you would be a good president! your a great businessman and care about our country! thanks
why havent they released the final missouri victory for us yet? could it be because cruzs guy runs missouri?
beautiful hotel great staff wonderful location and county clare is a hidden gem for unique tourist attractions fantastic place!
major garrett of covers me very inaccurately total agenda bad reporter!
if someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president do you really think he would come to my rescue? no chance!
why doesnt president obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie announce that obamacare was a mistake and deal a really great plan!
rt margaret thatcher never would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities
bob schieffer will do a great job tonight always treated me fairly
you are a person someone should aspire to be dedication commitment thanks
and who i like are intent on another new york state suicide mission theyve got to get their act together!
as i have said the tea party is alive and well and fighting hard for the usa big win today!
if id started in business thinking i knew everything id have been sunk before i got started think like a champion
chuck doesnt know that 100000 x 2 200000
foreigners slashed the purchase of us debt late last yearthe first time in over 2years we must control spending
2 keep your momentum without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
work hard and love what you do!
hey gt flashback jeb bush admitted ‘leaky’ immigration led to 9/11 tcot wow!
your books inspire me thanks great
tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video
today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving thank you god bless your families and god bless the usa!
china is cooking up conspiracy theories that the olympics are rigged they dont understand why they cant cheat
hagel has been endorsed by china and iran for sod welcome to obamas second term!
dummy who had 11 people show up for 15 min at his “massive” rally at macy’s is trying to get publicity for self by using me
it was rosie odonnell who ate the cake in the vicious hillary commercial about me not crooked hillary!
apprentice is so good this season id like to thank for these 2 back to back episodes !!!! this show amazing
you nailed it on tonite you say what most middle class folks yell at their tv every night you speak 4 us
how come u only reply to compliments? because i like nice people far better than the losers and haters
happyindependenceday july4 usa🇺🇸
house intelligence committee votes to release final report findings 1 no evidence provided of collusion between trump campaign and russia 2 the obama administrations post election response was insufficient 3 clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts
can only try to be as successful as the getkatapulted work hard!
$1b down another $1b to go obamacare website is 40 unfinished this is beyond pathetic
and hes still a consultant? for what? only a fool would pay stuart for his advice
“the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary” – vince lombardi
the terrorist came into our country through what is called the diversity visa lottery program a chuck schumer beauty i want merit based
will be interviewed by on at 10 00 pm tonight enjoy!
even the elf on the shelf is starting to get restless! on january 4th the apprentice is going to be great!
“live free or die” – motto of new hampshire
dopey should force her reporters to be accurate—if she has that power
polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for obama on his win isnt that ridiculous?
we will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as obamacare!
is the only presidential candidate that truly is fighting to makeamericagreatagain
the people of scotland love trump international golf links
the arab league should be taking care of this not us 100 correct
russia is on the move in the ukraine iran is nuking up and libya is run by al qaeda yet obama is busy issuing ‘climate change” warnings
bill “clarified” what he meant when calling obamacare a “disaster” actually “disaster” is pretty clear debate
now that just put a smile on my face! 😊 keeping the faith that you will run trump2016
congratspeggy!
an investment in knowledge pays the best interest benjamin franklin
are you ready for the deal?
a total professional
thanks mallory!
run !!! we need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!
can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and we tried to play the russia/cia card it would be called conspiracy theory!
never get good s from failing des moines register/bloomberg i think somethings going on w/them up 13 in ia according to respected cnn
and did not want to rock the boat he didnt choke he colluded or obstructed and it did the dems and crooked hillary no good
hes hired! listen to my apprentice andy launchhis radio show with me tomorrow 6 pm et
entrepreneurs seek opportunity and see opportunity as a perk you never know what will evolve keep an open mind!
wow! i hear that thousands of people are cutting up their credit card thats great makeamericagreatagain!
in beautiful miami inspecting the progress of $250 million conversion into the countrys 1 resort
congratulations kevin gabriel on your amazing article if i were a journalist this would be the next watergate and i would be a star
nancy pelosi and fake tears chuck schumer held a rally at the steps of the supreme court and mic did not work a messjust like dem party!
vpreally!
i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present thats where the fun is ~donald trump
so much fake news is being reported they don’t even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong they promote the fake book of a mentally deranged author who knowingly writes false information the mainstream media is crazed that we won the election!
is a great guy and player!
ted cruz is totally unelectable if he even gets to run born in canada will loose big to hillary polls show i beat hillary easily! win!
donald trump explains why he called django unchained racist in tweet via
i hope thats the reasonotherwise just plain stupid
its thursday and again i askhow much money is china stealing from us?
the views surrounding all your prestigious establishments are always breathtaking you are a businessman and artist thx
there is only one person who should be crossing our southern border usmc sgt tahmooressi boycott mexico? freeourmarine
due diligence includes increasing your financial iq daily
just read going to phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on saturday that is correct i look forward to it
good investors are good students its as simple as that think like a billionaire
congratulations to the house of representatives for passing the taxcutsandjobsact — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic tax cuts for the american people by the end of the year!
the should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party
very sad that the fbi missed all of the many signals sent out by the florida school shooter this is not acceptable they are spending too much time trying to prove russian collusion with the trump campaign there is no collusion get back to the basics and make us all proud!
truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the bay of pigs veterans association maga…
voting for donaldtrump16 is voting for the essence of being american ampthe value of great capitalism trump16
oregon votes today! go vote for and kick it big time!
i live in new jersey and is right muslims did celebrate on 9/11 here! we saw it!
obama betrays israel yet again our strongest ally in the middle east he will recognize hamas breaking long standing us policy
for once makes sense the has become less entertaining due to all the flags
amazing how the haters and losers keep tweeting the name “fkface von clownstick” like they are so original and like no one else is doing it
celebrityapprentice luv luv luv that left the clips of joan rivers in this season! thank u!
he makes a mistake every hour every day admits the problem is that we are paying for them
in one of the biggest stories in a long time the fbi now says it is missing five months worth of lovers strzokpage texts perhaps 50000 and all in prime time wow!
i would love to be at the cadillac world golf championship in miami but even more so in orlando with the trumptrain!
my favorite person on twitter is thanks!
thank you arizona! trump2016 westerntuesday trumptrain
it was great being with you on this morning so many people saw and loved the piece great work!
watch and accept my alsicebucketchallenge
once john kasich announced he was running for president and opened his mouth people realized he was a complete and total dud!
increasing america’s debt weakens us domestically and internationally us senator 2007
id vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the bill clintons he knows business and con men
churches in texas should be entitled to reimbursement from fema relief funds for helping victims of hurricane harvey just like others
is not winning points being called “the wicked witch of the midwest” and most certainly other things celebapprentice
amazing crowd last night in dallas more spirit and passion than ever before today all over the great state of texas!
donaldtrump great job on letterman last night! great points on healthcare and our national debt! thank you for bringing that up
the outer boroughs of manhattan are still devasted by sandy how would the press cover this if a republican was president
the fake news networks are working overtime in puerto rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first rs shame!
i hope so!
if you love what youre doing motivation is never a problem
see june 2007 speechis obama a total racist?
rt i will be always be incredibly proud of my work for raising $163 million dollars over the last 10 years at a 92…
american rt i want america to be the nation it once was trumpforpresident america
yes very soon project will be amazing!
the us has made such bad trade deals over so many years that we can only win!
just arrived in arizona! imwithyou
i am soooo proud of my children don eric and tiffany their speeches under enormous pressure were incredible ivanka intros me tonight!
make america great again vote donald trump
i met prince on numerous occasions he was an amazing talent and wonderful guy he will be greatly missed!
an hr solutions company polled 1000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses
via falwell on trump he was willing to say publicly what conservatives said privately
for the haters out of hundreds of deals or transactions i have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals
rt you can boycott our anthem we can boycott you! nfl maga
fugedaboudit!!! the woman in new york love donald trump!!!
i cant wait to be able to tell my kids i voted for 🇺🇸 makeamericagreatagain
thanks it is a beautiful city
thank you for the incredible support melania barron ivanka jared tiffany don vanessa eric and lara!
your brand suits are my favorite ! so sharp looking ! looking forward to when i can get another one
i am so proud of our great country god bless america!
thanks michelle!
i love the wounded warriorsobama should choose that as his $5m charity
rt fox news alert 2 us drone strikes in somalia target al qaeda and alshabaab
is it a coincidence that the middle east has blown up since obama became president?
great! thanks
great job on letterman thanks!
if is not in the board room i can’t fire her made a strategic mistake
i just had to fire someone he didnt have a cluehe reminded me of obama on wednesday night
can obama salvage his presidency by going to ferguson and bringing peace? no!
i am pleased to inform you that i have just granted a full pardon to 85 year old american patriot sheriff joe arpaio he kept arizona safe!
of jobs and companies lost if mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting
trump is already delivering the jobs he promised america
remember if you dont pat yourself on the back nobody else will take credit for your successes and dont let others forget!!!!!!
rt laurel? yanny? or
appreciate the advice needed that today thank u my honor
i may not always agree with statements but he does have a good looking line of shirts and ties
watch me on the tonight at 8 pm
one of top private clubs features a jim fazio designed 7291 yd par 72 course
lauramassive crowd had to move to phoenix convention center
wisconsin vote smart records r sealed what is he hiding? save america w/
celebrityapprentice contestant stopped by to visit today
i hate myself for following you but you just have no control over yourself you need trump so badly!
pat buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on way to go pat way ahead of your time!
rape is a huge problem in the us military over 19000 rapes last year
check out todays from the desk of donald trump at im willing to answer your questions tweet me
getting ready to leave for south korea and meetings with president moon a fine gentleman we will figure it all out!
thank you for your commentary last night on very fair we are making progress together!
i am leaving for norfolk virginia the great battleship uss wisconsin for a big rally and really big crowd see you soon!
thats good news !
big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” among many other things “president trump reversed the policies of president obama and reversed our economic decline” thank you stuart varney
ron desantis iraq vet navy hero bronze star yale harvard law running for congress in fla very impressive
award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city
there is a revolution going on in california soooo many sanctuary areas want out of this ridiculous crime infested and breeding concept jerry brown is trying to back out of the national guard at the border but the people of the state are not happy want security and safety now!
kenya is a dirty thief! i hope she gets fired
do you believe that secy kerry just went to egypt to talk about human rights problems and this as everything is being blown up around him
join me in westfield indiana tomorrow night at 7 30 pm ! trump2016 tickets
im at trump doral right now tiger will tee off shortly
lets be clear nevertrump is about never someone we dont own you either play into it and let them win or vote trump
im in pa near pburgh dad will register to vote first time for trump mom is changing from d to r!
my thoughts on last nights celebrity apprentice also an observation i made recently
i look very much forward to meeting w/paul ryan and the gop party leadership on thurs in dc together we will beat the dems at all levels!
political strategist stuart stevenswho led romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victoryhas terrible political instincts!
via by “donald trump taking serious look at 2016 presidential run”
many journalists are honest and great but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum they shouldbe weeded out!
5 family values donald trump used to build his empire »
i have always wondered why fox kept rove on after his disastrous election predictions he is a joke!
why did have to fill out 3 successive ballots on election day? and this is our ag
rt 1/2 believe trump gave a great speech
via “donald trumps blackdog victory”
no she only gets americans killed benghazi we need maga
if snowden was such a hero then he would be in america he is escaping justice!
a certain whack job go angelo who doesnt have a life spends his time hopelessly attacking me re macys
highly untalented wash post blogger jennifer rubin a real dummy never writes fairly about me why does wash post have low iq people?
what was racist about that story? the story wasnt racist just inaccurate and wrong bryant is dumb and racist
i will be on state of the union with at 9am enjoy!
american incomes have fallen $3040 per household in the last 38 months
love that is moving into vancouver just checked out the presentation centre super cool!
republicans are always saying obama is such a nice guy when will they learn that he is not?
if we don’t have a wall system we’re not going to have a country congress must fund the border wall and prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country and the people of our country we must enforce our laws and protect our people! buildthewall
donaldtrumpforpresident2016
no wonder afghanistan is a mess! is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace
unbelievable how he gets away with it is flying around on air force one laughing at everybod… cont
new gop platform now includes language that supports the border wall we will build the wall and make america safe again!
the elephants in zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the national forest
just talked to nice woman at jacknthebox shes being cut to 30 hrs due to obamacare been there 5 yrs3 kids to feed very sad!
our border laws are very weak while those of mexico and canada are very strong congress must change these obama era and other laws now! the democrats stand in our way they want people to pour into our country uncheckedcrime! we will be taking strong action today
great on too thank you ben for your nice comments on debate!
thank you arkansas! get out and votetrump on tuesday we will make america safe and great again!
“yesterdays home runs dont win todays games” babe ruth
hank greenberg formerly of aig gave $10 million to the campaign 3 months ago he is not happy a total waste of money!
my new radio ad airing today in wisconsin! see you soon! wiprimary trump2016
thank you for your support! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
you are the only person that can beat hillary many are saying that interesting!
happy 4th of july to everyone including the haters and losers!
what the date of celebrity apprentice im excited to see it start shooting in 3 weeks
i know he would make a great president he makes decisive decisions daily very sucessful
our next vice president of the united states of america gov gopconvention americafirst
barack is offended that will demand that nato allies pay their fair share demsinphilly
3 republicans and 48 democrats let the american people down as i said from the beginning let obamacare implode then deal watch!
the us is acting swiftly on intellectual property theft we cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
while the look like they quit and are finished they wont quit for cc
my official makeamericagreatagain hat is now available online to shop please visit it is selling fast!
you have to love what you doyou need passion to succeed
so ready for to do this! keep it up youve got em scared!
has the best tweets for real thank you a great way to communicate
what kind of president doesnt get playing golf after a cruel beheading isnt the thing to do? detached from reality he is
“ best apprentice episode ever tonight at 8 00” ready📺
rt after a decent first debate is back to form pedantic lawyerly technocratic woefully untruthful r…
the party of the year in palm beach was the new years eve celebration at the maralago clubit was amazing
seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas pricesnot birth control
in making any decision you need all the facts but after exhausting all due diligence in the end you have to go with your gut!
rt video rep scalise — gop agrees on over 85 percent of health care bill
“ donald trump has 90595800 views damn can i have that one day?”
you are the only one with guts we need that!! have my vote! great
how much money did fred leave u to start ur empire? a small fraction of what ive created and built!
“sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war the art of the deal
i will be interviewed on by starting at 6 00 am enjoy!
why do they have so many debates this year?? also why is cruz still allowed to run hes not eligible
amazing rally in reno nevada thank you make sure you get out on 11/8 and vote trumppence16 together we will put…
remember save your evening to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 increased to a full two hours great episode watch gary b
one of my favorite celeb that i follow is definitely hands down success truth thanks
wonderful was attacked viciously and unfairly on by crazy on low ratings apologize!
if youre going to be thinking you may as well think big ~ donald trump lovethedonald
this is going to be a special season truly great characters and cast you will soon see!
a massive fan from australia how can i buy your ties?? wantthetrumpfeeling thanks at macystrump tower
im sure you didnt there are a lot of sickos out there! thats for sure!
the failing destroyed by little morty zuckerman is preparing to close and save face by going online its dead!
merry christmas you to mr trump hope we can find those leaders
thanks traci hi to your son
today in history wrestlemania 23 i shave hairhighest rated show in wwe history
happy 94th birthday to nelson mandela!
i developed the wollman rink under budget and in record time if i hadnt gotten involved it would still be unused
i think you should run for president so do many others thanks!
loved all you had to say today!! so true all of it! thats what we need to hear truth!! you give me hope!!
the failing which just raised its prices because it’s dying said i wear a “wig” when they know i don’t dishonest
cnbcs john harwood today we dont have superman presidents no donaldtrump replied but we will if you have trump! trump2016
i know he supports others and he does not want or get in the news papers for it thanks
if wanted the super committee to succeed he would have lead instead he has been campaigning where is the leadership?
is panama city’s premiere hotel 70 stories over punta pacifica excellence has arrived to so america
woah! well done fella i honestly thought for all these years that was a wig see i told you so thanks!
great interview tonight very professionally done
are the greatest olympic champion of them all fantastic job!
“you have to have a good reason for doing what you’re doing because people connect with the why” – midas touch
enthusiastic dynamic and fun and the american legion va respectful and strong too bad the dems have no one who can change tones!
based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting trump campaign we are hereby
we are going to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the great state of ohio a tremendous honor to be here today at a stateoftheart training site where the skills of the american worker are forged and refined!
great to hear that our loyal fans are happy with todays announcement of the new cast this will be something special!
great optimism for future of us business and jobs with the dow having an 11th straight record close big tax and regulation cuts coming!
we need your leadership now in this country enter the prez race please time for real change trumpforprez
look what happened to the autism rate from 19832008 since onetime massive shots were given to children
drop arod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use also not a pressure player
he is not smart enough to understand!
rt i as president want people coming into our country who are going to help us become strong and great again people co…
unbelievable job on fox news with that was better than i could do! trump2016
get ready for fireworks… and face off in the board room this sunday on allstar celebrity
his spending is reckless will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit
i dont want to hit crazy bernie sanders too hard yet because i love watching what he is doing to crooked hillary his time will come!
is right he won the show because “i know how to play the game” celebapprentice
so are you running for president? time will soon tell but if i do our country will be great again!
the freezing cold weather across the country is brutal must be all that global warming
this season is going to be great! cant wait!
looking forward to inducting me into hall of fame this saturday in wwehof wrestlemania
20 reasons why it should be donald trump in 2016 wow so nice!
what do you think of garys definition of fun?
scaryobamas budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends
the arab league stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on syria but they want us to attackare our leaders insane or just stupid
enjoy celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 a really great episode!
over 90 of american workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to obamacare repeal before it is too late!
i think you should be barbara walters most fascinating person of 2014 i agree but have already been twice!
happy anniversary heidi!
hey visited trump international hotel in vegas yesterday what a fantastic hotel thanks!
the consumer financial protection bureau or cfpb has been a total disaster as run by the previous administrations pick financial institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public we will bring it back to life!
a big thanks stephen gallacher johan carlsson and celebrating
the negative television commercials about me paid for by the politicians bosses are a total mediafraud when you watch remember!
the travel ban into the united states should be far larger tougher and more specificbut stupidly that would not be politically correct!
the new reality china’s economy ‘underpins’ global demand our leaders just watched as china took full control
texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men and women who have been working so hard but still so much to do will be back tomorrow!
my interview discussing americas financial uncertainty due to and the job report
is it just me or does seem nice?
success comes with hard work focus and luck the luck comes to those who seek it out if you are not in the game you cannot get lucky
uks apprentice is so below par sugar is boring to watch watch the us version for the real dealtrump!
wowjust 1 day after my offer to fund all wh tours obama backtracks on decision to cancel all white house tours”
i was standing with when a young high school star kevin garnett said to a crowd forget shaq i want to meet donald trump
democrats are obstructing good hopefully great people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our government hence the american people they are “slow walking” all of my nominations hundreds of people at this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!
good morning easy on each other and finish off the establishment guys they hope you 2 will fight it outtrue
trump chicago was featured in transformers 3 trump tower was featured in dark knight rises both are summer blockbusters midastouch
“if you want the best you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business” – think like a billionaire
i am supportive of lamar as a person and also of the process but i can never support bailing out ins cos who have made a fortune w/ ocare
titans donald trump’ is available to live stream on and watch!
i look like donald trump when he made his first 1 million you must be great looking!
kenya moore rocks! watch her work her stuff!!!
march 3rd tune in!
we want you to run again in 2016! youd be great with picking this country back up again
thank you indiana! will be back soon! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
the real estate market is slowly improving still a great time to buy you will thank me in 5 years
the north coast of scotland is spectacularthe sea the sand dunes the rolling bluffswe walked the course and it is fantastic
kenya moore is an ass!! hope she is fired first!!!
all i want for christmas is more of your ties great quality! thanks!
of position then separately she stated he said something truly horrifying he refused to say that he would respect the results of
hey! i hope to meet on thursday in mason city ia and get an autograph and a picture! cant wait!! trump2016
wow some new and even greater pollsthank you!
goddammit i agree with trump mt arod gets 200 game penalty its time to let pete rode into the hall!
kay hagan profited off of the stimulusshe just skipped a debate kay supports amnesty weak border and
love hearing laying the hammer on the on this morning trump for commissioner!!!!!
have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic snowden obamacare va russia jobs decimated military debt and so much more
iran toys with us days before we pay them ridiculously billions of dollars dont release money we want our hostages back now!
over 250000 to lose health insurance in battleground north carolina due to obamacare
my honor
2016 platform? china must be stopped from treating the us like a chump says
apprentice is awesome
tmobile sucks!
with the cast from fridays real time and now im in springfield mass for standup tonightand bill you totally bombedbad
looking forward to being awarded the ‘2015 statesman of the year’ by this thursday a record 2000 attendeescant wait!
whats the j stand for? john
consumer comfort reaches 16year high on us economic optimism via bloomberg
our worst threat to unemployment is it will also destroy our countrys basic standards
why are people upset w/ me over pres obama’s birth certificate?i got him to release it or whatever it was when nobody else could!
fired this story is totally made up by the dishonest mediathe chief is doing a fantastic job for me and more importantly for the usa!
via by “strong showings for donald trump in iowa and new hampshire polls”
totally dishonest donna brazile chokes on the truth highly illegal! watch
donald trump song is up to almost 60 million hits crazy!
with a designed course directly along the water is north carolina’s elite club
thank you! trump2016 iacaucus finder
a truly great champion will seldom fail and always come back never underestimate the power of greatness!
iran humiliated the united states with the capture of our 10 sailors horrible pictures and images we are weak i will not forget!
15k in ok! had to turn away 5k but we are coming back soon to take care of them! so much love in the crowd! thanks!
obama admin called chickenshit ironic since bibi was an idf special forces commando while obama was a community organizer
heading now to pella iowa big crowd! remember trump is a big buyer of pella windows see you soon!
looks like the bernie people will fight if not their blood sweat and tears was a total waste of time kaine stands for opposite!
would be great to have obama on his show so the don can fire his arsss
i thought china was good with the us? only if you want no country left!
my father fred trump left me a relatively small amount of money compared to where i am todayover $10 billion but vast amount of knowledge
hate ! but i have to watch this season of theapprentice because it has such an awesome cast teamkenya !
statement on john mccain
an amazing article by kevin gabriel a must read by friends and foes of president obama end date is tomorrow at noon
in the heart of midtown new york is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily
what is taking so long with the inspector general’s report on crooked hillary and slippery james comey numerous delays hope report is not being changed and made weaker! there are so many horrible things to tell the public has the right to know transparency!
obama has changed the census so “it will be difficult to measure the effects” of ocare real data hidden
obama weak on immigration all words no action hes been prez 4 years
trump2016 trump trumpforpresident
addresses of any mentioned person who is still living i am doing this for reasons of full disclosure transparency and
folks not aware that could sneak up and be president in 2016 watch!
slippery james comey the worst fbi director in history was not fired because of the phony russia investigation where by the way there was no collusion except by the dems!
time to start building in our country with american workers and with american iron aluminum and steel it is time to…
id vote for b4 christie jeb schumio
why are we sending money to mexico? we all know where it will end up truea total waste!
next great building in dc that should have the trump name in it! rundonaldrun cute
fraud news cnn fnn
according to the a russian sold phony secrets on “trump” to the us asking price was $10 million brought down to $1 million to be paid over time i hope people are now seeing and understanding what is going on here it is all now starting to come out drain the swamp!
presidents and their administrations have been talking to north korea for 25 years agreements made and massive amounts of money paid
new york republican leader is pushing my friend into political suicide results won’t be pleasant!
twitlonger beta seems to have no regard for how china is conducting massive industrial espionage against the cont
rt constructive wins! http…
what a great time we just had in the atrium of tump tower for the place was happy and packed!
knows how to run organizationshas a proven track record most importantlyhes respected
i look forward to tonights debate but look far more forward to making america great again it can happen!
“when mistakes are made and they will be the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place” – the midas touch
rt friends remember to vote tomorrow if you live in louisiana maine kentucky or kansas! 🇺🇸🇺🇸 makeamericagreatagain
i look forward to my press conference on weds of next week to discuss changes and big investment ill make very exciting!
no the chinese will make them!
senator bob corker begged me to endorse him for reelection in tennessee i said no and he dropped out said he could not win without
here’s a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance success herald square
the joint statement of former presidential candidates john mccain and lindsey graham is wrong they are sadly weak on immigration the two
the republican party had a great night tremendous voter energy and excitement and all candidates are those who have a great chance of winning in november the economy is sooo strong and with nancy pelosi wanting to end the big tax cuts and raise taxes why wouldn’t we win?
the ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping boring gamestoo many flagstoo soft!
sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont makethe art of the deal
we know a fourthgrader who thinks hes the next trump! tell him to work hard!
hawaii
democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from obama’s term showing children from the border in steel cages they thought it was recent pictures in order to make us look bad but backfires dems must agree to wall and new border protection for good of countrybipartisan bill!
so many incredible friends said thanks for tt help i say thanks to you!
of all the places ive stayed in oahu trump international is the best! greatservice besthotel awesomestaff luxury thx!
“concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory” bill russell
rt just sitting here looking out over aberdeen bay these clowns cannot be allowed
i bet there are a lot of other things or people in this world that could use that money i create lots of jobs
…guy in front asked for picture said he was the biggest fan never saw the guy in back
he or she who hesitates is lost make america great again!
trump for president 2016
businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to obama care reality is setting in
check out a list of donald trumps books for summer reading at the trump university blog
keep up the tempo and dont listen to the rnc! you are correctly presenting what people want
so great to have staff sgt dan nevins and the incredible wounded warriors with me in the white house yesterday these are truly brave and special people!
thank you ohio see you tonight!
do executives at know that the business of tv centers on viewers and ratings? is 19 on cable sad
made in america? called his birthplace hawaii here in asia
im all aboard the trump train i know it wont derail 👍
the sexual abuse that is so rampant has according to generals greatly weakened our military they have failed to stop it
cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars great management teamcongratulations!
don’t be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else be tough and fight to keep your standards high think like a champion
great article by jeffrey lord “the reagan revolution and now… the revolution?”
it was my honor to welcome cup series champion and his team to the yesterday!
surprise? 1970’s global cooling alarmists were pushing same nogrowth liberal agenda as today’s global warming
big fan mr trump always have been keep up the good work thanks woody!
going to new hampshire all sold out crowds people want real change pols will never make our country great again!
america needs a real leader america needs donald trump for president!
trump for president
leaving for jacksonville now see you there! miami was great
my int with on handsoffmygun 2014 election results stopping obamacare new senate and 2016
will i have the opportunity to vote for you in 2016? votetrump we will see thanks!
very nice!!
thank you for such a beautiful welcome hawaii my great honor to visit upon arrival heading to pearl harbor w/ now
heading for atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at north atlanta trade center big crowds great people!
mccain who? vets give donald trump standing ovation …
kimguilfoyle great job tonight!
it is very possible that those sources dont exsist but are made up by fake news writers fake news is the enemy!
and now alex salmond pushes ugly turbines!
“you can’t wear a blindfold in business a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons” – trump how to get rich
learning from the man thank you
what a dumb mistake aol made buying the how much longer will arianna lasti predict not much
donald has as good of a chance as anyone else 👍people like himno more politicians
little have more hair than you do and there’s a slight age difference
marco rubio is a member of the gang of eight or very weak on stopping illegal immigration only changed when poll numbers crashed
thank you! we are at 35 in new reuters poll with 2 coming in at 12 time to makeamericagreatagain! trump2016
do the us a favor and run for pres2016! we need a real leader who wont put up w/ shit nicely said!
yes!!!!!!!!!! america needs for president!!! cant wait for america to be great again!!!!
hall of famer rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this years allstar great guy!
our leaders are terrible the government spends over $50b a day it can’t find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! sad!
great interview! thanks
thanks alan
cant wait to see the apprentice its back finally on january 4th
rt today welcomed 106yearold pearl harbor veteran ray chavez of poway california to the
what is your thought as to why obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
i would love donald to run never seen such a lightweight administration that we have now
bernie sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the dem primary by crooked hillary!
bashar assad is stronger today than he was before obama threatened military action obama really bungled this
watchyesterday obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the benghazi consulate attack
advice from my father fred c trump know everything you can about what youre doing
i give secretary of state john kerry credit for working and trying hard but he has zero negotiating ability!
thankswork hard
your socalled focus groups are a total joke dont come to my office looking for business again you are a clown!
is our future only he can turn our country around trump2016
just received applause at ncgopcon when i said people ask me why i may run for president i might so we can make america great again!
order signed copy of crippled america and have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12/3
rt check out my may redbook magazine cover very exciting! redbook
give them hell
i will be on in an interview with on sunday morning so much to talk about!
donaldtrump how do u do it donald no one could keep up with u at your pace shows how hard u will work for us as president
delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the un too bad wasnt there
i loved your views on espn this morning need your views in the nfl
join me in pueblo colorado on monday afternoon at 3 pm ! trumprally
eric trump on now!
israel saudi arabia and the middle east were great trying hard for peace doing well heading to vatican and pope then g7 and nato
i am getting bad marks from certain pundits because i have a small campaign staff but small is good flexible save money and number one!
am always on the road i am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primarys and mr trump has my vote
democrat congresswoman totally fabricated what i said to the wife of a soldier who died in action and i have proof sad!
via by “exclusive neveraired apprentice parody of trump firing obama”
with the record $200m renovations on track and budget a miracle in dc trump int’l washington dc is being built into a national marvel
this ‘deal’ voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts it is pathetic obama is laughing at them
if you want to be a success you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it think big
see yourself as an organization pay attention to every facet of your life what’s strong? what’s weak? what’s missing?
now i know youre smart! see you soon makeamericagreatagain!
get things done at a record clip many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks america first!
if vera coking had taken my millions of $’s like she should have she would have lived for many years in palm beach florida
“if youre interested in balancing work and pleasure stop! instead make your work more pleasurable
is a failed bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback a third rate talent!
if you dont follow you should probably just go home
frank you are making a mistake no one will do a better job than me and team would stay in buffalo
what is obama thinking?
via donald trump exec amnesty will make illegal immigration ‘worse than it’s ever been
phil mickelson’s final 66 round in was amazing congrats on his welldeserved win amazing competitor and a great guy!
how is it possible that the people of the great state of colorado never got to vote in the republican primary? great anger totally unfair!
tune in tonight to greta van susterens show on the record which airs on fox news at 9 pm
why is the united states post office which is losing many billions of dollars a year while charging amazon and others so little to deliver their packages making amazon richer and the post office dumber and poorer? should be charging much more!
if traveling to the windy city to celebrate 100th anniversary of wrigley field is chicago’s 1 hotel
we are so proud of you dustin your reaction under pressure was amazing first of many majors you are a true champion!
rex tillerson never threatened to resign this is fake news put out by low news and reporting standards no verification from me
thank you toledo ohio! it is so important for you to get out and vote on november 8 2016! lets make america safe…
a great person inspires others to see for themselves – harvey mackay
the ultimate golf experience is a unique destination located on the beautiful ayrshire coastline
with millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment my numbers continue to go up can anyone explain this?
rt president participates in the us coast guard [ changeofcommand ceremony
sen mccain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media only emboldens the enemy! hes been losing so
election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about
looking forward to being the special guest at tonights dutchess county gop dinnerto a sold out crowd it will be great fun
ordered my trump banner today cant wait!
watching reruns of the apprentice absolutely love brilliant!!
trump celebrates american manufacturing survey showing highest level of optimism in 20 years ➡️…
voters like tough and smart thats why we are voting trump 2016!!
rt if you think presobama should release his records to get $5m for charityfor red cross or another great charity
i went to play i will be doing a review in the next trumpvlog
barack obama used to mock bushs 300k monthly job reports now obama wishes he could have a month half as good
the only bad thing about winning the presidency is that i did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on trump u too bad!
obama just endorsed crooked hillary he wants four more years of obama—but nobody else does!
the which loses a fortune is owned by for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company
the failing the pipe organ for the democrat party has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive tax cut bill they are wrong so often that now i know we have a winner!
booked a corner suite at with for memorial day weekend sure knows how to make a nice hotel!
debbie wasserman schultz is hard to watch or listen tono wonder our country is going to hell!
mr trump please run youd take them all to the cleaners in the debates and get the 270
ill be on this morning at 7 00 so much to talk about!
my wife melania will be speaking in pennsylvania this afternoon so exciting big crowds! i will be watching from north carolina
should have corrected jeb bush when he said that i ran for president twice never ran merely considered running!
per why does hillary clinton get the benefit of the doubt after she destroys her illegal email server
cant wait to watch the best show ever!! theapprentice thanks
your apparel is the first thing i look at when i go to the mall! thanks you have good taste!
has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against i am confident he can defeat
i think donaldtrump has struck a cord! 30000 macy’s customers retaliate in support of donald trump
rt greetings from
leaving soon after a great time in new hampshire a truly special place!
you need to renovate 1600 pennsylvania ave asap!!!!
thank you for another wonderful evening in washington dc together we will make america great again🇺🇸
thanks to giovannis coal fire pizza of florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 police athletic league youngsters in ny this friday
the election was a major setback for economy all young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate obamas policies into their investments
see dummy danny zuker who i never heard until this started something that he couldnt finishgutless and unwilling to take my bet!
the golden rule of negotiating he who has the gold makes the rules great read midastouch thankyou
why not he knows how to create wealth jobs and is not a wimp donaldtrump foxandfriends
always remember sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make!
what did you think of mechanical dog idea?
via donald trump obama should golf w/ republicans not his ‘local friends’ by
the dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our great american people!…
yes! celebrityapprentice on now been waiting for months! celebapprentice
well obama refused to say he just cant say it that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists
donaldtrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will interestingtimesahead
if the majority will bind together and support trump we will reverse the downward spiral the us is on
ron paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in iraq and afghanistan
i will be on at 7 00 in 10 minutes have a great day all!
please only respond by tweet because like everyone else i dont watch your show
the chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago they have stolen even more from us in jobs and trade during term
if you run for president in 2016 i hope you talk about your success instead of hiding it no doubt!
i missed it!! 😬 whens the replay!! epicmoments 900 am espn
i can promise you the only reason i watched the democrats debate is because of
he wants 23 years of tax returns lets see bhos school cont
was great the other night people love him
many people are now saying i won south carolina because of the last debate i showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!
im on a flight heading to chicago and im excited to catch a glimpse of that sign great thanks!
for first time the failing will take an ad a bad one to help save its failing reputation try reporting accurately and fairly!
enjoying a great evening at trump toronto! thats great have fun!
even the irish are routing for you to become president also congrats on doonbeg golf course trumpforpresident
excited to hear that jonny damon will be back on my tv! thanks celebrityapprentice
median household income is down for the middle class since obama took office it will only go further down under clinton
because he doesnt even live there! he wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare on tuesday votekarenhandel
watch the 63rd annual pageant tomorrow on nbc at 8 pm !
let run out country
a must watch legal scholar alan dershowitz was just on talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest witch hunt in us political history enjoy!
america is at a great disadvantage putin is exkgb obama is a community organizer unfair
youll be the best president for usa
drudge poll on who won the 3rd gopdebate thank you!
entrepreneurs let your actions show that youre the best see each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level
fox andfriends now!
“playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun
another electric car firm that gave $118m just went bankrupt he loves to waste our tax dollars
poll just hit 49 for trump interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight marco rubio has turned nasty love it!
the rust belt was created by politicians like the clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like mexico end!
i dont think obama will do well in the second debatehe is psyched out just like arod
enough of these party debates what i wanna see is a vs one on one debate! that would be easy!
an honor to join the coalition yesterday in america we dont worship government we worship god…
rt briefed in situationroom and thanked him for his leadership quick response and commitment to o…
the house intelligence committee has after a 14 month long indepth investigation found no evidence of collusion or coordination between the trump campaign and russia to influence the 2016 presidential election
interesting how the us sells taiwan billions of dollars of military equi pm ent but i should not accept a congratulatory call
join us tomorrow night in charleston south carolina! scprimary trump2016
all predictions re my 12 oclock release are totally incorrect stay tuned!
for more information on tonights two hour telethon 8 to 10 pm
nice! i love how trump has a way of putting people on the spot i wonder what cnn will do the veterans appreciate it!
you mean like buffett kravis icahn paulson and almost all other bigsi never went bankrupt dumb ass!
cant wait til june mr president millions are waiting for you to make this country great again
join me in reno nevada on wednesday at 3 30 pm at the renosparks convention center! magatickets …
yea she smart but i think it will be gerardo hes a cunning one snake one i would turn my back on
north korea is looking for trouble if china decides to help that would be great if not we will solve the problem without them! usa
this is a buyers’ market buy now you will thank me in 3 years
exclusivedavi trump the lion we need
my interview with discussing the 2012 gop primary and obamacares attack on the catholic church
look forward to being in pennsylvania tomorrow in support of rick big crowd expected in moon township vote rick and see you there! maga
the emmys are sooooo boring! terrible show im going to watch football! i already know the winners good night
rt trump makes a funny obvious joke about russia going after hillarys emails and us media goes insane with furyhe plays t…
wow uve attracted a lot sickos to ur twitter acct i suppose they r extremely jealous of ur success and wisdom
i will be interviewed on tomorrow at 7am enjoy!
im a big fan we just got a trump mattress and its great like i knew your brand would be from serta!
dress your best! the trump signature collection exclusively available offers the tops style in menswear
rt working families need taxreform and the time is now this administration is committed to ensuring all americans can thrive…
congratulations to jim herman my asst golf pro at trump natl golf club/bedminster nj for qualifying for the us open!
i had a great time at asktrump
i spoke with president moon of south korea last night asked him how rocket man is doing long gas lines forming in north korea too bad!
many people are saying it was wonderful that mrs obama refused to wear a scarf in saudi arabia but they were insultedwe have enuf enemies
please tell me you are going to run for president in 2016?? thanks for the nice thoughts mike!
president obama if it is important to you i will substantially increase the $5m offer!
is the man! trumpforpresident thanks!
i say more mr trump and less everything else on your network! thanks eric many agree!
chicago murder rate is record setting 4331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016 if mayor cant do it he must ask for federal help!
please run for president! your the only one for the job
i will be interviewed by at 7 pm on enjoy!
failure defeats losers failure inspires winners robert t kiyosaki
see you in dc tomorrow at 1 00 pm at the capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with iran really sad!
with boston terrorist cell widening in suspects its now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the miranda warning so early
named one of the “best value michelinstarred restaurants in chicago”
happy birthday leviwork hard!
what donald trump did to bring back arsenio hall after the on @ true
i feel so badly for mark cubanthe dallas mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed very sad!
the big questions in comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like how come he gave up classified information jail why did he lie to congress jail why did the dnc refuse to give server to the fbi why didn’t they take it why the phony memos mccabe’s $700000 and more?
great honor to have general counsel johnryder as a trump delegate in tn rnc meeting well worth it! unifying the party!
the pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line you can tell them to go blank themselves was about china not women!
entrepreneurs follow your own path—it will bring you to the places you were meant to be
it looks like youve outdone yourself donald beautiful property! thanks!
is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country
new cbs poll trump2016
megan can not contain her bias its in every show fox owners saudi prince agnstt
the 2013 miss universe® pageantwill take place in russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest
via to speak at
the 2016 election with interviews speeches and social media i had to beat fake news and did we will continue to win!
the maralago club was amazing tonight everybody was there the biggest and the hottest palm beach is so lucky to have best club in world
can we drop off in the middle of baltimore so he can show obama how its done? i would fix it fast!
melania as first lady shell go down in history as the most gorgeous first lady ever true!
there is no way president trump loses this election he will win by historical landslide will be greatest potus ever! thanks
the nfl has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our national anthem total disrespect for our great country!
“if it’s worth doing it’s worth fighting for you’ll have lots of people and obstacles in your way work and fight to get beyond them
the cbo has predicted that unemployment will rise to 88 this next year this is economic recovery
president obama said isil continues to shrink in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in paris he is just so bad! change
great to see sec clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with and pres clinton glad she is recuperating
💔😔bittersweet to see the very missed and very talented on
leader ed cox’s record is abysmalno victories hopefully he can turn things around
the pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty pres lincoln
turn on now and enjoy true brilliance!
via by “trump touts business career but not tv show during iowa speech”
buying egyptian cotton covers and silk sheets for my donald trump serta king size bed first thing tomorrow! 1 bedserta!
my dad played the new scotland course today left me a vm put the trump course on your list must play
mexico doesn’t respect our border hourly release usmc tahmooressi now! time for a boycott? saveourmarine
today on nationalagday we honor our great american farmers and ranchers their hard work and dedication are ingrained…
crocus city hall in moscow is a fabulous place!
time for you to tell youre fired! trumpforpresident2016 we need someone who loves america in office!
i will try!
2k16 man👍
more than $500 million designated for iraqi army disappeared where is it? our sad sad countrywhat have we come to?
trump is right
you should run for potus i would back you 110!
my interview last night with greta on fox news
looks like many antipolice agitators in boston police are looking tough and smart! thank you
must stay focused on defunding obamacare and the impending budget battle don’t let syria rule the agenda
trump2016 lets go
trump national golf club los angeles on the palos verdes peninsula overlooking the pacific oceanspectacular!
arianna has 13 million followers trump is new and has 23 million
interesting article about atlantic city
what took investigators so long to interview the pilots of asiana san fran crash? why no drug tests for pilotsthey were really off
4 president!!!
crookeds camp incited violence at my rallies these incidents werent spontaneous like she claimed in benghazi!
my illustration as seen in audience of the show! great job!
how does it feel to have 21 million followers greatlike owning the new york times without the lo$$es!
vattenfall the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of aberdeen scotland is having serious financial difficulty
“stay confident even when something bad happens it is just a bump in the road it will pass” – think big
actually agreeit may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on tvi love golfcouldnt watch
i hate hearing after all of the hard work that never wanted to become president
wise words from my mother “trust in god and be true to yourself” mary macleod trump
but then there would be no celebrity apprentice i would die without it!! and so would others!
i watched at the national prayer breakfast and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words cont
i spent friday campaigning with john kennedy of the great state of louisiana for the ussenate the election is over john won!
at your request i will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s celebapprentice
phil mickelson gave your course nice praise in his interview with rich lerner thanks
rt carly fiorina no lifeboat for a fastsinking campaign via
good looking family thank you
getting ready to engage g7 leaders on many issues including economic growth terrorism and security
didnt do it so now we have a big deal with dems holding them up as usual on debt ceiling approval could have been so easynow a mess!
as an addition apple must go to a larger screen nowasap! theyre losing their standing in the market!
“offshore wind is a dead duck in scotland and it’s time alex salmond manned up stopped blaming westminster cont
i would do same thing if i were china they want obama
i felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on he drove you insane but of course piers is a lot smarter than you
rt watching msm you would have no idea clearly unambiguously and repeatedly condemned the bigotry and violence in ch…
less than 1 of obama’s $4b immigration request will go towards immediate border security a real scam enforce our laws now!
early voting mn and ia already underway more states coming up in the next week oh me az in — check w/local officials for details and vote!
is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting the good news is that the people get it which is really all that matters! not 1
rt thanks to the historic trump tax cuts today marks the last time the american people will file taxes under a complicated and outdated…
entrepreneurs cover your bases know everything you can about what youre doing
remember russia still has snowden when are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? he caused great damage!
show me someone without an ego and ill show you a loser having a healthy ego or high opinion of yourself is a real positive in life!
i had the pleasure of meeting and hearing him speak a few times we need to see him on the 2016 ballot!
online poll best to handle economy by far very true thanks!
he was on howard stern last week awesome interview! thank you
is perfect for the commercial awesome! celebrityapprentice
excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties at trump dc and at trump bedminster
a nearly impossible path to the gop nomination for rubio says …
an investment in life luxury and leisure a trump nat’l bedminster membership offers top amenities and services
you were 100 spot on about the judge in the oscar pistorius trial complete and utter moron
you are an inspiration and i admire your honesty perseverance and business sense thank you
that means he can get the better of chinachina control bushobamatrump usescontrols chinanever loses
over $1t in annual deficit spending and adding over $6t to the debt for what? may jobless numbers are horrendous the great obama recovery
thank you and ted cruz should be immediately disqualified in iowa with each candidate moving up one notch
wow “dossier is bogus clinton campaign dnc funded dossier fbi cannot after all of this time verify claims in dossier of russia/trump collusion fbi tainted” and they used this crooked hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the trump campaign!
erickthanksand that was an easy oneclosed for eight years!
rocks it everywhere he goes thanks
just returned home to the beautiful white house from dallas where the arena was packed to the rafters with the great fans and supporters of the it was so wonderful to be there!
mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “caravans” of people enter their country they must stop them at their northern border which they can do because their border laws work not allow them to pass through into our country which has no effective border laws
“dont expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong” calvin coolidge
thank you for the great snl this week!!!
used this poll nobody else did when i was down—wonder if she’ll use it now that i’m up?
great speech yesterday trump/cruz 16 thank you!
live on periscope join me for a few minutes in pennsylvania get out and vote tomorrow lets maga!!
im giving away money go to take it from me! proud of the fundanything team
a feature on the progress of the course @ trump intl golf club will feature on thurs 8 may 2014 @ 0930 and 1630 gmt damac
congratulations to gretchen carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on
anytime you have something on an ocean a river or a lake its hard to blow it
and we shouldnt help iraq this time unless we get 2 $trillion in free oil guaranteed in writing
thank you general trump2016
the washington establishment will never rein in government spending waste fraud and abuse a great thinker and outsider is needed
i am very worried that if is reelected then medicare will be destroyed we must take care of our seniors
what a year it has been for you and this weekend topped it off fantastic job see u at doral
rt and melania visit with patient tiffany huizarin las vegas earlier today vegasstron…
chicago trumptower great building
it was my great honor to host my friend and his delegation at maralago for the past two days lots accomplished thank you! success🇺🇸🇯🇵
thank you! four new debatenight polls with the movement winning together we will make america safe and great again…
how foolish did look yesterday trying to rationalize why accepts donations from bain?
when you think big you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big
if you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world i highly recommend that you read the art of cont
why buffalo bills could be responsible for donald trump becoming president team has a great owner!
just released that international gangs are all over our cities this will end when i am president!
do you think john kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in iran and north korea and pakistan already has them!!
everyone is asking me to speak more on robert and kristeni dont have time except to say robert drop her she cheated on you and will again!
the gorgeous contestants of trump miss universe are so excited to be simulcast on both and will be a beautiful show!
thank you michigan we are going to bring back your jobs and together we will make america great again!watch …
no matter what happens in the election deserves a lot of credit he has kept obama in it even with his terrible record
my interview re the dismal job report getting ripped off by south korea 2016 election and wwehof
is taking major heat for calling the president lazy but the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy fight on john!
tune in sunday june 3 to nbc at 9 pm et for the 2012 miss usa competition coming from planet hollywood resort and casino in las vegas
know everything you can update daily and cover your bases
theres only one candidate who cut medicare and thats barack obama cut over $700m to move into obamacare
i think the ladies team will fire the blonde who dissed her team respect apprentice
people are always asking me about the very special word confidence the fact is there is almost nothing like it is derived from winning!
i only wish my wonderful father fred gave me $200 million to start my business like lightweight rubio says he didnt total fabrication!
christians in the middleeast have been executed in large numbers we cannot allow this horror to continue!
via by “donald trump reopens dorals blue monster”
rt had a wonderful visit from children today at the whitehousechristmas
in 08 said that bush adding $4t to the debt was unpatriotic has already added $6t
do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone being complacent is a good way to get nowhere take control and move forward every day
congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the center stage position in the upcoming debates!
no matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control overluck
our greatest weakness lies in giving up the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time thomas a edison
rt historic flooding is still ongoing across the area if evacuated please do not return home until authorities indicate it i…
ill vote for trump in a heart beat not a politician but a very smart man true
with the labor participation rate at a 36 yr low over 92m americans are out of the work force
i cant wait
no
nice to hearand good luck!
entrepreneurs remember the golden rule of negotiating he who has the gold makes the rules
eliot spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done and now he wants to be comptroller thrown out of politics and off of tv crazy!
the sarasota florida rally today was amazing 12000 people chanting their love for our country its going to happen this is a movement!
i detest with a passion! and for good reason she is a complete phoney!
ringling brothers is phasing out their elephants ifor one will never go again they probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs
apprentice big hit miss universe big hit i always get big ratings if i hosted meet the press instead of sleepy eyesa smash!
donald its time to boot kate
i am so happy you are running for president you have my vote
only donald trump can makeamericagreatagain thank you!
the phony lawsuit against trump u could have been easily settled by me but i want to go to court 98 approval rating by students easy win
will be doing a sit down interview with on sunday morning at 9 00 tough questions and hopefully very good answers!
mr trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the blue monster! looked great
crooked hillary clinton now blames everybody but herself refuses to say she was a terrible candidate hits facebook and even dems and dnc
rememberi told you so
then he wouldnt be president
and i gave a great review of your show in my trumpvlog
yet chrischristie claims absolutely did not happen in newjersey wrong!
loved listening to this morning on fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the nfl
had a great time with last night he is focused and ready for the battle ahead lots of money was raised
rt trump stumps
we will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans
the saddest moment in american history was the fact obama was elected potus on broken promises
this is just not the right time for jeb bush his campaign is in total disarray too much staff being paid way too much money us govt
there shouldnt be a problem with this election we the people finally have someone that speaks on our behalf trump2016
youve got something unique to offerfind out what it is ask yourself what can i provide that does not yet exist? innovation can follow
wvprimary votetrump trump2016
hillary clinton doesnt have the strength or stamina to be president jeb bush is a low energy individual but hillary is not much better!
boycott no guts no glory besides there are far better stores!
great article in met golfer this month on the develo pm ent of trump golf links at ferry point trump
with us you are no1
a clinton cannot be trusted!how many xs do we allow them to disgrace this country? noclintoninwheveragain
suffered a huge defeat by the people of blackdog communities all over scotland are fighting this loser
thanks to for the kind introduction at the ia freedom summit and congrats to and on a great success!
cpacco kept up the momentum from the debate even made a surprise appearance now go win co!
one of the best business firm and family what a combination amazing thank you
thank you south dakota! trump2016
on now! great! 8 18 am
dumb as a rock toure doesnt have a clue about money or anything elsemerely a simpleton racistreally bad ratingsreally stupid guy
actually i was very nice to jimmy carter during my standing room only and standing ovation speech for cpac stated better pres than obama!
easyonly small area
hurricane irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help be careful be safe! fema
dominating searches throughout gplfers
undecideds in ohpa and wi will make the difference all should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under obama
failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently henry ford
rt only true americans can see that president trump is making america great hes the only person who can! h…
hillary there is nothing to laugh about
can i get a hello from a uk england fan? hello!
quite agree need to see mr trump more in public life
if you dont have a competitive advantage dont compete jack welch
my interview from yesterday
chrysler is moving a massive plant from mexico to michigan reversing a years long opposite trend thank you chrysler a very wise decision the voters in michigan are very happy they voted for trump/pence plenty of more to follow!
between a terrible press conference mishandled prisoner swap and taliban attacks hagels 1st trip as sod was a disaster no surprise
macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration their stock has crashed! boycottmacys
defund obamacare!
youre an inspiration for a young entrepreneur mr trump thanks! very nice thank you!
just a reminder that ted cruz supported liberal justice john roberts who gave us obamacare
not all four seasons hotels are good every trump is always perfect so true thanks!
rt fox news alert us flexes its defense muscles destroys incoming test missile off coast of alaska
snowden is handing over to russia a treasure trove of intel our politicians are incapable of dealing!
rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50 which is higher than obama and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “somewhat low” they know they are lying when they say it turn off the show fake news !
as the nuclear crisis with iran shows america needs to import oil from a reliable region keystone xl pipeline cont
donald trump blasts the oscars via
when discouragement comes in the business what would be your suggestion? you have to expect problems keep moving forward
god bless you bestinthebusiness
golf courses the red tiger the silver fox and the golden palm are on track to open later this year
i am at trump national doral in miami as the best golfers in the world start arriving for the world golf championship cadillac a big week
the ads made her look great and now she probably will run
geat hearing you on howard stern you should run for president
very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the fake news media they are out of control correct reporting means nothing to them major lies written then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposeda stain on america!
evangelical women live at trumptower
watched low rated for first time in long time fake news he called me to stop a national enquirer article i said no! bad show
words i never expected to say in this lifetimei hope mrtrump buys the bills i think its the best for teamampfans!
wind power company fined $1 million for killing birds golden eagles among victims
lightweight the worst attorney general in the us is in a tough election with john cahill
today it was an honor to celebrate the collegiate national champions of 2016/2017 at the ncaachampions🏆photos
usaatunga🇺🇸 unga
i am happy to announce that the will be held at this year! follow for more!
check out oan and compare to what you are watching now!
run in 2016 for the sake of future generations obama and his friends are tearing america apart
everybody wants to see and talk to dennis rodman he will be on celebrity apprentice tonight at 9
people who lost money when the stock market went down 350 points based on the false and dishonest reporting of brian ross of news he has been suspended should consider hiring a lawyer and suing abc for the damages this bad reporting has caused many millions of dollars!
this season’s cast of brings excitement to the board room lots of surprises and great tasks enjoy – jan 4th!
congrats to charles for his statements on climate change formerly known as global warming!
what a coincidence that obamas good friends in libya and egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies
how did u feel bout mitt?? very nice guy but just didnt resonate with the voters!
but can you get him to stop sucking at his job? that would be sadly impossible
free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility economic security and the expansion of the middle class
response to huffington post
people love celebapprentice
strange but i see wacko bernie sanders allies coming over to me because im lowering taxes while he will double and triple them a disaster!
on bill oreilly in 5 minutes!
art of the deal just arrived at my house cannot wait to start reading this book thanks enjoy
thanksromney sadly did not resonate!
plz mr trump if anyone can expose the truth about obama you can! how many more lies does america have to listen to?
trump keeps comin back like bruce willis in red! trump is hard hitting patriot! truth trumps all!
obama and his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
re michael jackson he was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer it’s a devastating loss! donald j trump
i dont go away!
donaldforpresident
i am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the presidents park in april i encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic we will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis!
working hard to get the olympics for the united states la stay tuned!
the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump and that is fact!
look forward to hosting clients and guests at the ayrshire chamber annual dinner tonight with guest speaker
beepee2004 thank you very much donald here is another thanksboth do justice to a fantastic place
busy doing phoners this week with neil cavuto wolf blitzer fox friends and larry kudlowcheck out
congratulations to woody johnson and on acquiring is not only a winner but a leader cont
nice job on letterman thanks!
rt wethepeople🇺🇸 usaatunga unga
any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures in baseline spending so we can get our credit back
trump intl is one of the best golf courses i have ever played and that is saying something true thx
when you’re in a fight with a bully always throw the first punch—and don’t telegraph it—hit hard and hit fast!
would vote for him watch eric bolling this morning on fox
thank you cleveland we love you and will be back many times!
looks like twotime failed candidate mitt romney is going to be telling republicans how to get elected not a good messenger!
ralph norman ran a fantastic race to win in the great state of south carolinas 5th district we are all honored by your success tonight!
via the miss universe contestants glow with elegance during the trump holiday party
tweet me your questions to answer trumpvlog
loved dallas and the tremendous crowd last night will be back!
“effective leadership is putting first things first effective management is discipline carrying it out” stephen covey
the ebola doctor who just flew to ny from west africa and went on the subway bowling and dining is a very selfish manshould have known!
you were terrific on tonight i am going to the border tomorrow
joan rivers had great talent but also truly amazing stamina and drive she would never give up or quit that is why she became a champion!
the justice departments investigation into the national security leaks is not independent this is a very grave situation
will be on tonight at 11 35 pm e on kimmel trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words
you are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people makeamericagreatagain usa loves u thanks
hillary clinton deleted emails using program intended to prevent recovery crookedhillary
they should just let you be president already youre already leading in the polls
few if any administrations have done more in just 7 months than the trump a bills passed regulations killed border military isis sc!
always protect against the downsidethe upside will take care of itself donald j trump
just spoke to president xi jinping of china concerning the provocative actions of north korea additional major sanctions will be imposed on north korea today this situation will be handled!
the economy is bad and getting worsealmost zero growth this quarter nobody can beat me on the economy and jobs make america great again
we look forward to making the old post office in dc one of the great hotels of the world
what a time we all had in iowa yesterday massive overflow crowd love them!
trump is going to be our president we owe him an open mind and the chance to lead so much time and money will be spent same result! sad
im on board for a presidency! the man knows what hes talking about!
we are no longer silent we are energized and ready to take our country back let’s make america great again!
why only donald trump can beat hillary yuge trump2016 teamtrump
attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference winston churchill
kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals hillarykaine2016
its tuesday how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for obama?
no dopey i would not go into syria but if i did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools
the clinton campaign at obama justice draintheswamp
the amazonwashingtonpost sometimes referred to as the guardian of amazon not paying internet taxes which they should is fake news !
an honor having the national sheriffs assoc join me at the incredible men and women who protect and serv…
thank you to all of the men and women who protect and serve our communities 24/7/365! lawenforcementappreciationday…
when i go to new york my first second and third stop is and hopefully get to see great!
the fake news media has never been so wrong or so dirty purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate sad!
will do great in his new talk show on cbs he’s really got what it takes!
al qaeda taking over libya after we made it possiblereally amazing
many many people are disappointed i didnt run third partybut i wont risk benefiting from a split in the antiobama vote
just got back to the white house from the great states of texas and louisiana where things are going well such cooperation and coordination!
lightweight senator should focus on trying to get elected in kentucky a great state which is embarrassed by him
florida power and light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside doral in miami they should put in new ones or will be sued
thank you to our fantastic veterans the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commanderinchief presentation were great nice!
still a buyer’s market but somewhat fragile be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
calls a spade a spade would be a breathe of fresh air in washington
if you want to succeed keep your edge staying on top of all new develo pm ents in your sector major advantage that pays dividends
what a great couple katherine webb and aj mccarron they are both winners!
we all know that chess is a game of strategy so is business think like a champion
just received the new fox pollthank you america! trump2016
is apprentice coming back on the air? donaldforpresident yes start shooting in two weeks season 14!
soho youre brilliant! it has proven to be a great hotelthanks
watching pyongyang terrorize asia today is just amazing!
🇺🇸
its friday how many advertisers dropped today?
my nomination would increase voter turnout votetrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016
allstar premiering march 3rd on features terrific tv stars competing in the toughest tasks yet will be great
check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with serta which one was your favorite? wwwyoutubecom/user/mattressserta
just got great national poll numbers double digit lead! thank you we will all make america great again!
has a lot of haters not haters losers!
constitutional law expert laurence tribe of harvard says wrong to say it natural born citizen is a settled matterit isnt settled
job numbers today terrible! so what else is new?
any plans to present in sydney again? missed the last one but heard great things about it yes
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado! makeamericagreatagain lesm
congratulations to on forming his new unity government a major political success for the jewish state of israel
yes at macys
wownyt reports was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012
buy american and hire american are the principals at the core of my agenda which is jobs jobs jobs! thank you
v bill youre out of your league don knows what hes saying
statement on melania speech
the next obamacare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans
but why only one hour?! i need my two hours of crazy celebapprentice next week until end increased to 2 hrs
in hong kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of new york city including
i would invite edward snowden to be a judge at the miss universe pageant in moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
highly respected author christopher bedford just came out with book the art of the donald lessons from americas really good book!
do like mexico? yes but they make a fortune off the us their leaders are far better negotiators than ours
love the sign well done
i will end common core its a disaster trump2016
thank you nice work
via by joe mccarthy “trump collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for washington debut”
sadly it took a hit and run auto accident to make us aware of who our secretary of commerce isand such an important position!
trump for america!
are you just going to complain about it? or are you going to make a difference in 2016? just watch!
people forget the policies of leaders like allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate drive and pilot planes
lightweight senator marco rubio is polling very poorly in florida the people cant stand him for missing so many votes poor work ethic!
you must be registered republican by february 16th to vote trump in the florida primary
we should have gotten more of the oil in syria and we should have gotten more of the oil in iraq dumb leaders
do americans really want a canadianborn president? first non native born in history?
please run for prez would b great to have a real man in the white house again
id vote for in a heartbeat 🇺🇸 thanks
the reason i think you will be potus is bcuz i have never seen anyone juggle so many things at once and be successful @ each
when will you come to my homecountry india to see the progress of trump towers in pune? very soon!
looks like a dying magazine! really really boring really really thin!
join me this thursday in wilmington ohio at noon! imwithyoutickets
as hurricaneharvey intensifies remember to planahead ☑️ ☑️
thank you many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at msg appreciate it love your music!
expecting a great crowd of amazing people questions will be live! trumptoday
just watched the cnn living golf segment interesting interview and trump international course was looking spectacular!!
cnn/orc poll results just out for nevada—wow! trump 38 carson 22 fiorina 8 bush 6 cruz 4
i agree mike thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! vpdebate police officers are the best of us
is unwatchable their news on me is fiction theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the clinton campaign
the tax cut/reform bill including massive alaska drilling and the repeal of the highly unpopular individual mandate brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had don’t let the fake news convince you otherwiseand our insider polls are strong!
run for president so that hillary dont win please?
could you run for president ? we need you! we need someone!
everybody is with tomi lahren a truly outstanding and respected young woman!
was incredible tonight on celebapprentice !
rt stockalert us markets since the election
dear mr please fire geraldos ass! sincerely all celebrityapprentice viewers i second this
before you vote think obama wants to raise taxes wants to lower taxesneed i say more!
the grey sofa dont match sir but it is just my taste i agree but likes it too bad
im obsessed with honestly mr trump you are very inspiring
looking at air force one @ mia why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs and fixing obamacare? get back to work for the american people!
damn bryant gumbal is so not relevant on the scale of anything so true!
midas touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed thanks for sharing your knowledge
watched on and appreciate your statements i have been waiting for them for a long time thank you
only an idiot loses money in realestate does that all the time ive made over ten billion $s you idiot!
today is the first day of the rest of your life make the most of it!
hey donald we love you in florida! florida is great!
entrepreneurs brainpower is the ultimate leverage
when i think big which is often you can be sure i’m aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for
can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
lightweight senator marco rubio features trump univ students in fl attack ads who submitted excellent reviews
has great campaigns support one today
immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country! sounds like that’s what’s happening
should release the letter they sent me asking for $1000000 when i said no they came out against me a scam operation?
i will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of crooked hillary clinton
thanks melanie
the townhall question segment of my commitment 2016 conversation great questions/people fitn
cant wait for the new ferry point park course to open will be great
a good example of how our country wastes money trumpvlog
i hear you are doing great! take care of yourself
boston incident is terrible we need energy and passion but we must treat each other with respect i would never condone violence
remember when you were in the music video on our own from ghostbusters ii? that was awesome yes!
the movement in lakeland florida voter registration extended to 10/18 register asap @ amp…
thank you for the nice and true words on media buzz with terrific howie kurtz leading new hampshire 30 to 12
this is a terrific day for downtown new york trump soho is unlike anything else be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon!
jeffrey lord you for the presentation—terrific job!
looks like my kind of place d trump you are the man my friend thanks a great hotel
we need for president so true thanks!
just returned from colorado amazing crowd!
see the new sizzle reel for the apprentice
in the general course of human nature a power over a mans subsistence amounts to a power over his will alexander hamilton
dummy goangelo keep letting people know how great my shirts ties and cufflinks also success are at macysthe bestnow everyones aware!
great meeting with ford ceo mark fields and general motors ceo mary barra at the today
theartofthedeal changed my life thank you great
the failing finally gets it in places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for obamacare customers to
it was my honor thank you!
why is this reporter touching me as i leave news conference? what is in her hand??
and leading polls w/ one week until iowacaucus more on the 2016 elections tonight on 7 pm
will it be against ? come on donald everyones waiting
the alpha male in the 2016 race he has real success stories tons of money confident and hes his own backer
enjoy the superbowl and then we continue make america great again!
i believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote trump as our next president probably true!
trump2016 we know better than to trust the rnc so cute!
big cancer risk from new environmental light bulbsa big price to pay!
what a timeless classic these two are! class and beauty! thank you!
actually too many to pick one
any negative polls are fake news just like the cnn abc nbc polls in the election sorry people want border security and extreme vetting
achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau its a beginning
hes not for sale like the politicians are! thats why he gives us truth! trump for prez! trump2016
does anyone actually still subscribe? not many!
this is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries i have ever seen filmmaker mike tollin has zero talentalsoboring
congratulations to on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the cy young award!
will be on bill oreilly tonight at 8 pm enjoy!
thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life think big
icymi my speech this past monday at the south carolina tea party convention in myrtle beach scteaparty15
endorsements for lyin ted cruz
they should get and on i would watch it everyday cute!
what?! latoya is saying omarosa is one of the nicest people shes met?
is that all youve got??? haha
how do you feel about kevin oleary from shark tank? reminds me of you but i have much more money and hair
pretty audacious for obama to call a bser when he has lied about so much we dont have room to write
after watching the roast of you i can confirm you are ready to be president! it was fun thanks
my interview with discussing super tuesday and why must be defeated
thats all the career politicians do is talk
great poll numbers out of thank you! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
after poland had a great meeting with chancellor merkel and then with pm shinzō abe of japan and president moon of south korea
mainstream fake media refuses to state our long list of achievements including 28 legislative signings strong borders and great optimism!
people love to hear their names and their stories said out loud” – think like a billionaire
great meeting with active and retired law enforcement officers at the fraternal order of police lodge in akron ohio
kenlangone is 100 correct neilcavuto and u and the rest of u fox muppets refuse to hear him so true!
a must read! last articlethe vetting part i love song to alinsky
to the people of puerto rico do not believe the fake news ! prstrong🇵🇷
my experience yesterday in poland was a great one thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech!
i dont think will cave theyve seen ratings soar with and money matters!
senior united states district judge robert e payne today ruled in favor of trump campaign delegates who had argued
08092011 19 33 31
great news former mayor of dallas tom leppert has just endorsed me! thank you! tomorrow is a big day vote! votetrump supertuesday
everyone is now saying how right i was with illegal immigration and the wall after paris they’re all on the bandwagon
rt success requires 100 effort and 100 focus nothing less
so glad celebrityapprentice is back! are my favs go team vortex!
rt and w/ officer cook 2nd day on job received gunshot wound to the right chest and right arm saving live…
obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity he believes in government
opening in 2016 trump tower punta del este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of playa brava
china is sending an envoy and delegation to north korea a big move well see what happens!
honored to welcome republican and democrat members of the house ways and means committee to the white house today! usa🇺🇸
i know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than
donald you would have fired jeb bush a long time ago on the apprentice true!
still waiting for a response from does he even have $5 million?
at least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and mayor of london says there is no reason to be alarmed!
seeing face makes my sunday night wonderful thanks krista!
looking forward to receiving 2015 statesman of the year award tonight by a record 2000 sell out
can someone explain to me how a chechnyan permanent resident noncitizen in our country is planning jihad while on welfare?
has no clue what’s going on in st maarten mullet bay is a third world slum
i believe in science dem code for were shutting down coal mines steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing
entrepreneurs review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction keep your focus intact
donald trump still my favorite song!!
“winning takes talent to repeat takes character” john wooden
achievers move forward at all times dont tread water get out there and go for it
assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to china
manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
should not put on—he has no credibility a bush plant who called all races wrong
has panoramic pacific ocean views features a 7242yard public course designed by pete dye
it was excellent interview sir may watch it again trump 2016
a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him douglas macarthur
fallout from iowa trump speech drew greatest response via by jim meyers
you get my vote for president of the unites states of america! 🏻
rt signs executive orders on trade that will set the stage for revival in american manufacturing am…
together were going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities and were going to destroy the vile criminal cartel ms13 and many other gangshundreds arrested in ms13 crackdown
we must fix our education system for our kids to make america great again wonderful day at saint andrew in orlando
you know so much about so many things a true renaissance man trumpin2016 so true! thanks
obama’s job approval is at 37 a record low and have the leverage and momentum delay obamacare for all americans!
is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all!
live on periscope good morning iowa! lets makeamericagreatagain trump2016
was right the nfl is ruining the game with all of the penalties as a fan im losing interest
if you run sir you have my vote!!! trumpforpresident thanks
the baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of all star with stephen does great
do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in afghanistan through 2024with all costs by usa make america great!
i am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations much work left to do but effect will be great! business and jobs will grow
our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision not someone like hillary or barack neither of which has a clue!
you sir are a true inspiration to me i thank you great thanks
you can listen to my interview today with jay sekulow live and the show here est
you use leverage better than anyone! thats what they say!
rt love and prayers for friends adrienne and eric bolling may eric chase know eternal peace
agreed luisa will win! this is what he does!
only you can savethequeen during the live telecast of missusa on june 8 at 8/7c on nbc click for more info
heading over to the miss usa pageant the young women participating are amazing and accomplished competition is very tough enjoy the show!
many reports of peaceful protests by iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption and its squandering of the nation’s wealth to fund terrorism abroad iranian govt should respect their people’s rights including right to express themselves the world is watching! iranprotests
“keep focusing on doing what you love even if times are tough” – think big
pretty much saved a us marine from a mexican prison on his own where was obama on this one? thanks
press release video response to follow
and you love what you do run for president you will love it interesting!
thank you iowa! imwithyou
the united kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive muslim problem everybody is wise to what is happening very sad! be honest
with an elite course designed by is north carolina’s most desirable club
donald trump a president for all americans
im so ready for an awesome allstar tonight! bring it
this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump
her son was overvaccinated cdcwhistleblower hearthiswell terrible
if competed against me andwon which not too many people do he could win millions of $s for himself or his charity!
will be interviewed on the this morning at 7 00 talking about politics polls and whatever enjoy!
thank you arizona! this is a movement like nobody has ever seen before together we are going to make america safe…
despite the fake news media in conjunction with the dems an amazing job is being done in puerto rico great people!
tbt with the wonderful actor jack nicholson
in all fairness to anthony scaramucci he wanted to endorse me 1st before the republican primaries started but didnt think i was running!
love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country we will all come together and be proud!
why does hi revised statute 338178 allow an hi resident who doesnt have to be us citizen to procure an official hawaii birth certificate?
trueisnt it sad!
“watch listen and learn you can’t know it all yourself anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity” donald trump
you should be president! i believe in you trump2016 thanks
wow! ted cruz received $487k in campaign contributions $11m from a ny hedge fund mogul and $1m low int loan from goldman sachs hypocrite
terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization it is up to all who value life to confront and defeat this evil➡️
say what you want about he is a brilliant business man true!
remember get time magazine! i am on the cover take it out in 4 years and read it again! just watch
youre the hero america needs! trump2016 thank you i only want to make america great again!
anderson—thank you for being so fair with your reporting and story last night greatly appreciated!
interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling highend luxury
downtonabbey is just awful too british i prefer with
great interview sandra ivanka kicks butt and takes names
my exclusive interview with discussing trump national north carolina and future deals
if only speeches could create jobs then wouldnt have such a dismal economic record
re immigration do the republicans not realize that dems will get 100 of 11 million votes no matter what they do?
i want to see a man thats not a career politician in office america forgot what a great leader can do! fixtheusa
the uranium to russia deal the 33000 plus deleted emails the comey fix and so much more instead they look at phony trump/russia
yeah shut em down nothing but toilet paper
he knows he wont have to spend much has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar
america needs you now more than ever 2016 cannot get here fast enough trump2016 well we sure need help
no taxes the only good thing about dc debt deal
if youve got some problems today thats a good signthats life so give them some thought and make the most of the situation
my interview discussing pres obama’s inauguration debt plan and 1 branding
do you think will be able to “step up” as pm ? i know is hoping so celebapprentice
“charges deal don a big win” written by michael goodwin of the succinctly states that “the russians had no impact on the election results” there was no collusion with the trump campaign “she lost the oldfashioned way by being a terrible candidate case closed”
i don’t like bullies i am not going to stand around and watch target the tea party karl rove gave us barack obama loser
tell ‘top scot’ michael forbes to clean up his property—it is an embarrassment to scotland
i will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate deal—soon to be announced happy easter and/or holiday to all
cant wait to see miraculous border fence when hes elected president in 2016!
i gave out the male athlete of the year award last night to my friend olympic medals—a record that will never be broken
dont let her fool us again
new york city hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012 record amount visited trump tower
during small business week we celebrate the great hardworking entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
national gop presidential poll via 356 trump2016
one of my favorite alltime moments when let touch his hair
china is now attacking japans economy for leverage soon they will try the same with us timetogettough
a review of show great press on trump international golf links scotland and more in todays trumpvlog
as long as we open our eyes to god’s grace and open our hearts to god’s love then america will forever be the land of the free the home of the brave and a light unto all nations nationalprayerbreakfast
wow! i hear you warren michigan streaming live join us america it is time to drain the swamp!watch
sorry have to be a member
the law requires individuals pay 15 on carried interest why would a potential president pay more than he or she is supposed to?
every citizen has the right to do political analysisand shouldas well as to endorse cont
it’s tuesday how many more customers has glenfiddich lost today?
the best way out is always through robert frost
i likewise saw militant muslims burning our flag and burning george bush photos and figures right after 9/11! not here!
obamacare will continue to stop entrepreneurship slow growth and halt research and develo pm ent defund repeal and replace!
out of all the famous people on twitter the only one i see tweet regular people is greatguy
fully apologized last night for calling me a racist thank you davidwe are again friends
did well last night he won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates will be the nominee
‘food groups’ – emails show clinton campaign organized potential vps by race and gender
run run what are you waiting for? lots of support out here in york pa willing to set up shop here for you
great job in helping our wonderful miss universe there is nobody like you congratulations!
im saying that the tea party perhaps by another name will soon have another big moment and will be a major factor in victory!
clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters clinton planned to betray labor on tpp postelection
we are now sending thousands of additional troops to iraq to teach them how to fight they will run billions wasted! what does us get?
the fake news media has been so unfair and vicious to my wife and our great first lady melania during her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death to facelift to left the wh and me for ny or virginia to abuse all fake she is doing really well!
if you were in office you would do everything right true
i really love
first segment of my interview discussing are terrible negotiators and lost all their cards
im busy reading the midas touch and its so inspiring! thank you donald trump and robert kiyosaki
trump is the only candidate telling the truth the gop is planning to stab trump in the back
saw the trailer for apprentice bring it on!
while i never ran i thank you lets see what happens in the future!
you should get a show on fox news ! with your brilliant and independent mind i think your show would surpass the
please run for president you got my vote 💦🍑
trump is a hero 1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases nothing like that kinda candor thx
seriously cuomo hates donaldtrump he was a pathetic interviewer as usual! please dont go anywhere mr trump america needs you
70 stores above punta pacificas pristine peninsula offers fine dining five pools and luxury rooms
i was on a teletownhall with and hosted her 4 times in trump tower yet she declined the news max debate no loyalty
china will now pass our economy this year way ahead of projections pres obama – china’s greatest asset!
great speech in iowa thank you it was fun!
wh refused a meeting with the israeli defense minister if only obama hated iran as much as he dislikes israel
looking forward to keynoting the south carolina tea party convention in myrtle beach on monday at 3 20 pm !
dont be a chump win with trump!
i didnt start the fight with lyinted cruz over the gq cover pic of melania he did he knew the pac was putting it out hence lyin ted!
president donald trump would be an awesome presence in america and we regain respect
its really cold outside they are calling it a major freeze weeks ahead of normal man we could use a big fat dose of global warming!
they found jessica in colorado body was mutilated death to the pervert killer
loved doing the debate last night on check out all of the polls! everyone agrees that harwood bombed!
crooked hillary clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information not fit!
wouldnt life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life? interesting!
ranked nationally in top 100 trump intl golf club in palm beach is a 27 hole masterpiece
it was announced this morning that unemployment rosethis cant be good for obama
trump is an american capitalist who actually cares about americans! thank you mr trump!
i think pinehurst is ugly
healthcare plan is on its way will have much lower premiums and deductibles while at the same time taking care of preexisting conditions!
it was refreshing to see you both in a different light well done
virtually noone has spent more money in helping the american people with disabilities than me will discuss today at my speech in sarasota
there is zero chance u get elected but very powerful indorcer wrong and correct!
get in there and straighten this country out! 🇺🇸
must take a drug test immediately—make results public ny attorney general cannot be a cokehead
ru at watching nikwalenda skyscraperlive ?
again immigration reform is fine—but don’t rush to give away our country that’s what’s happening!
the art of the deal is a fairy tale come true dreams can come true nice!
would you consider an appointment like sec of defense? or treasury? needtrumpsomehow
republicans must stop relying on losers like if they want to start winning presidential elections be tough and get smart!
hi chris
trump has reason to be proud of his trump international scotland course spectacular setting great fun the donald delivered
is the last lady standing in all star celebrity watch out men she’s sharp and tough
show is great for helping me get to sleep better than sominex
im probably going to vote for simply because he has the balls to speak his mind and half of america agrees
ive been the first one to favorite three of donald trumps tweets and im pretty proud great!
re chinai told you that a long time ago
rt trumptrain🚂💨🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
why the rust belt just gave donald trump a heros welcome
you can and you willwork hard
sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make donald trump
remember i predicted that new york magazine would fold and people scoffed? just announced nypost it lost big $s and is cutting way back!
should sit michael vick he is a great athlete but less than average quarterback
looking forward to promoting a progrowth and positive message at this saturday’s freedom summit in manchester
michelle obamas weekend ski trip toaspen makes it 16 times that obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years cont
just bought think like a champion small book huge motivationthank you! thx
the democrats will only vote for tax increases hopefully all senate republicans will vote for the largest tax cuts in us history
i agree getting tax cuts approved is important we will also get healthcare but perhaps no administration has done more in its first
north korea is reliant on china china could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders
thanks to mcconnell and the we are appointing highquality federal district
this is who we r ☆register as rep online 2vote trump in primary makeamericagreatagain
thank you for your dilignet effort in the publicizing of the jailed marine tahmooressi pathetic it didnt happen sooner
and has been horrible on virginia economy vote today!
wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wake—stop ugly turbines
today i signed the holocaust remembrance proclamation icymi my statement last night at…
luv you thats great!
nice guy needs your help to make his bad guy movie directors cutgt
via trump releases renderings for old post office building
my interview yesterday on the sp downgrade with wolf blitzer on cnn
will be on fox and friends in 3 minutes700 am
entrepreneurs there are no guarantees but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise know everything you can about what youre doing
will be in louisiana for the miss usa pageant which will be on nbc on sunday night watch miss pennsylvaniaan interesting and amazing story
if our healthcare plan is approved you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down obamacare is in a death spiral!
remember when you use to have real hair? spelling i still do dummy it is all mine!
thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana you will prevail!
to be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time midas touch with
i get why you dont like goldbergselfrighteous word smithy true but with zero talent
twitlonger betai have captured the smell of success meet me and the new success herald square april 18 5 30 pm first cont
please announce miss universe 2014 host as soon as possible very soon
it’s thursday is still a very dumb guyjust look at his past
please win presidency of the united states of america
because of our terrible leaders it is now open season on every american throughout the world terrorists are thrilled
katie couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc
china which is a great economic power is considered a developing nation within the world trade organization they therefore get tremendous perks and advantages especially over the us does anybody think this is fair we were badly represented the wto is unfair to us
thanks lou
charlie call me well set up a match with gary and damon doral now finished and doing great!
i will be making the announcement of my vice presidential pick on friday at 11am in manhattan details to follow
via by “trump im disappointed in many republicans”
too bad i dont get this for political speeches they cost me a fortune!
in bed with donald great quality cc thanks from sorta!
kate gosselin is fearless waych out !
entrepreneurs another question to ask yourself—“what am i pretending not to see?” there may be great opportunities right around you
run for president we need someone who isnt scared to make the right calls
nato is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!
congratulations to officially elected president of the united states today by the electoral college!
thank you for the wonderful story
thanks m you are doing a great job at trump toronto!
got thrown off of tv by nbc fired like a dog! now he is on being nasty to me not nice!
i hope the boycott of continues forever so many people are cutting up their cards macys stores suck and they are bad for usa
when had his own show the benefactor it totally “bombed!”
i am going to repeal and replace obamacare! read more about my positions on healthcare reform here
what about all of the clinton ties to russia including podesta company uranium deal russian reset big dollar speeches etc
you the truth!! i love you
bob and suzanne wright cofounders of have done an absolutely fantastic job—two real winners
looking to open my own businesses any advice you can give on that subject? find something you love doingamp never give up!
dems had a very good and professional convention the republicans must be smart and toughand fast!
the rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months obamacare continues to slow growth and cost jobs
everybody should boycott the show never worth watching always a hit on trump! she is sick and the most overrated person on tv
congressman ron desantis is a brilliant young leader yale and then harvard law who would make a great governor of florida he loves our country and is a true fighter!
for our next president !!
is a very dumb guy who just doesnt know ithis show is a critical and ratings disaster!
thank you faith and freedom forum and i had a great time in iowa today!
congratulations to paul ryan kevin mccarthy kevin brady steve scalise cathy mcmorris rodgers and all great house republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes!
the islamists have won just as i predicted the muslim brotherhood has taken over egypt never should have abandoned mubarek
thanks for standing up for the truth
“ for president 🇺🇸✊”agreed!
“donald trump i’ve made up my mind on 2016” via by
rt global fund championed by ivanka trump to help women entrepreneurs begins operations
new episode starting now!
it is finally sinking through 46 of people believe major national news orgs fabricate stories about me fake news even worse! lost cred
anyone reading this profile of marco rubio would never vote for him never made ten cents and is totally controlled!
thank you so much for your kind words on television fantastic job and greatly appreciated!
will be on hannity @ 10pe discussing various subjects including immigrationif elected we will buildthewall and enforce our laws!
i hate redesignthe logo is terrible lightweight al neuharth mustve had something to do with this no wonder paper is failing
congratulations to obama and the the federal deficit has topped $1t for a fourth year in a row nice work!
politicians talk the talk but this man walks the walk trump2016
no one respects golf more than me but there is a time and place for everything mrtrump hitting the nail on the head!
join me in pittsburgh tonight at 7 pm e! trump2016 trumptraintickets
ur so right about the nfl becoming a game not worth watching anymore pc ppl have killed the game
i started my business with very little and built it into a great company with some of the best real estate assets in the world amazing!
i will be interviewed on good morning america at 7 00 am will be announcing new poll numbers make america great again!
maga!
any plans for a trump building in toronto mrtrump already have a great one trump international hotel
maybe anthony weiner can serve as editor in chief! but then would become xrated!
michelle obama made a terrible mistake in iowa when endorsing bruce braley before a large crowd she called him bruce bailey seven times
and one of his buseyisms “art is only the search it is not the final form” celebapprentice
congratulations to on setting the record with 48 consecutive games with a td pass he is a great guy and player
a big job to recover from this administration around the world! ! merry christmas to you and family! !
weiner and spitzer are on top of the latest polls a sad day for the greatest city on earth! they will spend lots of time together
sgtthamooressi has been held in mexico for 115 days mexico has zero respect for our border and our servicemen boycott! freeourmarine
i really appreciate your tweets with excerpts from your books it starts the day off right! thx
entrepreneurs being stubborn is a big part of being a winner never give up!
run for president and save this nation from corrupt politics! trumpforpresident
he had another impressive win last night in illinois his delegate lead is insurmountable it is cont
i always enjoy your interviews and think the apprentice is terrific looked great on letterman thanks!
will be interviewed on at 7 00 5 minutes then i head to new hampshire great people!
im not because if he runs the white house will be his
good idea will create one
have a great game today and i will be watching we love our us military on behalf of an entire nation thank you for your sacrifice and service! armynavygame usa🇺🇸
congratulations to my children don and tiffany on having done a fantastic job last night i am very proud of you!
new national 2016 gop poll from leads field second
do your research before donating this holiday season!
my int on obama’s falling poll numbers americans losing incentive to work and weiner’s sexting
congress cant find money for veterans houses feeds educates provide drs for illegals gives iran over $200 billion
case against him and now wants to clear his name by showing the false or misleading testimony by james comey john brennan witch hunt!
lets get it on baby!!! celebrity apprentice its on!!!
la times usc dornsife sunday poll donald trump retains 2 point lead over hillary
heading to south carolina really big crowd! will be back in new hampshire tomorrow makeamericagreatagain
the holiday season in new york city is a very special time i love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the trump tower atrium
lance armstrong just got sued by the federal governmentthey want their money backi told you so! what was he thinking when he did that int?
donald trump leads polls in florida
according to report just out president obama knew about russian interference 3 years ago but he didnt want to anger russia!
it was a pleasure to have president ashraf ghani of afghanistan with us this morning! usaatunga unga
join me today nov 3rd in trumptowernyc at noon ill be signing copies of my new book crippled america dont miss it!
signing my tax return
no matter how much i accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days and it has been a lot including sc media will kill!
house votes today on choice/mission act who will stand with our great vets caregivers and veterans service organizations? must get choice passed by memorial day!
the president must get congressional approval before attacking syriabig mistake if he does not!
obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving keystone xl pipeline and canada is now selling the oil to chinavery dumb!
golf match? ive won 18 club championships including this weekend swings like a little girl with no power or talent marks a loser
should be interesting lets see how fair and honest they will be! enjoy
adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of celebapprentice
throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at fenway in boston boston will be better than ever
rt thank you this is important to so many of us
syracuse is about to be a little more lively to visit for republican fundraiser looking forward to it!
thank you john!
great reception in dc at the values voter summit now checking on my job at the old post office
ive to say that youre making sense in a lot of things especially on china! nobody else dares to raise it!
vince is fantastic!
expresidential pollster pat cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure
scots should boycott glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great olympic and us open champ andy murray over total loser michael forbes
trump tuesday ill be on tomorrow morning at 7 30 am be sure to tune in
join me live at the 2018 world economic forum in davos switzerland! wef18
i have spoken w/ of texas and edwards closely monitoring hurricaneharvey develo pm ents and here to assist as needed
its time 2 run 4 president and trumpthecompetition
mobile web m5donald trump donates land to conservation group in palos verdes via
full supporter of trump2016 thanks
the debate was very interesting last night there were numerous winners and governor romney did very well
for pres 2016
wow!
you know the world is crazy when new york gets hit by a hurricane and florida doesnt
donaldtrump has been building / stimulating cities around the globe his whole life worldchampion rebuildamerica thanks
it will be great
if runs for office he has my vote
finally theyre filming the celebrity apprentice! cant wait for the next season 😁 soon!
the failing which never spoke to me keeps saying that i am saying to advisers that i will change false i am who i amnever said
“john brennan no single figure in american history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar he’s a liar about being a liar”
the new joke in town is that russia leaked the disastrous dnc emails which should never have been written stupid because putin likes me
our great project in south america trump tower punta del este in uruguay will have spectacular views and the
recognize the opportunity focus on it and dont give up luck is often earned
the one the only donald trump will and can make america great again !
ive been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight and i knew kevin and gilbert would get the axe
you shouldthey are great!
things would be so much better! trumpforpresident true
thank you for all of your support south carolina! trump2016
trump organizations first project in india trump towers pune will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance
asking why my dislike of aroddishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
managed to play some rounds at your course in scotland possibly the best course ive played great job don
“president donald j trump proclaims march 25 2018 as greek independence day a national day of celebration of greek and american democracy”
los angeles or scotland!
iran will soon take all of the oil in iraqand iraq itselfkeep the oil
making my speech wwehof
i will give you that brilliant buildings in the trump empire thank you!
thank you houston texas! americafirst trump2016
i will be live on all of the major morning talk shows enjoy!
you should have your own talk show networks and many have asked but i dont have the time thanks!
it is truly amateur hour at the white house and this is why we should not be doing the war thing right now!
rt ever strongerחזקים תמיד🇮🇱🇺🇸
“a brand is not a logo a brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver” – midas touch
happy birthday sarina
the past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since wwii need to loosen regulations and lower taxes
where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b/c of our unsafe border we need a wall!
rt these are the 10 most tweeted about world leaders during the first day of unga general debate
“the conservative does not despise government he despises tyranny
last weeks dateline which i hosted was the highest rated dateline since january!
visited trump towers today in new york its a beautiful building
peter navarro trump the bull vs clinton the bear draintheswamp
thank you! trumppence16
one of my many twitter followers suggested obama should take my offer and give $1250000 to each family of the four
great! keep working hard
the us coast guard fema and all federal and state brave people are ready here comes irma god bless everyone!
good job for badgering ford why didnt potus or hillary care about those uaw jobs in ohio?
looking forward to speaking at and “iowa’s freedom summit” on january 24th
it’s important to listen to what people say “horrible” and “disgusting” are the words i used in response to sterling’s comments
its amazing how you keep your success going this far keep it up !! thanks!
wonderful to be in north dakota with the incredible hardworking men and women @ the andeavor refinery full remarks 🎥
i have asked the reigning miss universe and miss usa to do the honors at least i will not have to wash my hair this morning! enjoy
everything comes to him who hustles while he waits thomas edison
2 the celebrity with the highest totals by tuesday noon et gets an extra donation to his or her charity…
why dont you just get in there and run for president? you got all our votes thanks!
whos chris jackson? a total loser but a loyal follower!
china hacked the us chamber of commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members china keeps cont
why does have such a fascination with my plane? he is more than welcomed to come for a ride
thank you and good luck
president obama you are a complete and total disaster but you have a chance to do something great and important stop the flights!
has been stimulating cities all over the world plowing through political bs his whole life trump2016
a 7242 yd masterpiece $250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views
mr trump i truly enjoy your insite and opinions please run for president the usa needs your leadership
dont forget george w bush too its all his fault no republican hit bush as hard as i did!
the exclusive home of sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of miami
obama sadly has no business or private sector backgroundand it shows
congrats to great golfer on his big win last week always been best putter frost wins for trump
“donald trump to headline sc tea party convention” via
“you dont necessarily need the best location what you need is the best deal” – the art of the deal
i wonder if i run for president will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that i will make america great again? i say they will!
wow! does eliot spitzer have a girlfriend? this is getting exciting
thank you trump2016
it was an honor to welcome the teachers of the year to the wh last month today we honor and thank all teachers!…
now that the three basketball players are out of china and saved from years in jail lavar ball the father of liangelo is unaccepting of what i did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal i should have left them in jail!
it is so imperative that we have the right justices draintheswamp debates bigleaguetruth
i will be interviewed on at 7 00 am
marco rubio couldnt even respond properly to president obamas state of the union speech without pouring sweat and chugging water he choked!
ashley judds candidacy was created by karl roves terrible ads even before she thought seriously about running
re scotland im in scotland and you are absolutley right about the wind farms hideous and horrible things
dee dee sorvino i am betting on trump
every poll shows high approval of the new sign on i am honored by the great support
“remember that fear can be conquered go full throttle and the odds will be on your side” – trump never give up
saw where you supported on to be aired tomorrow am thank you
only 1 mill dollars offer me real money and i’d consider it your team and networks lose so much money i doubt you have much left!
did a great job on all star celebrity raised a lot of money for charity while looking great
convenient david plouffe collected $100g fee from iranian affiliate only a month before joining
you were great on the apprentice! congrats on your big cma win i promise i wont take credit for your successful career!
wow kasich didnt qualify to run in the state of pennsylvania not enough signatures big problem!
this cannot be the the academy awards oscars awful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
states instead of the 15 states that i visited i would have won even more easily and convincingly but smaller states are forgotten!
read this about
agree one of the things that is good abt is hes forcing others out of status quo politicking
according to 2/3 of mexican legal immigrants do not pursue citizenship because of ‘no interest’
shoplifting is a very big deal in china as it should be 510 years in jail but not to father lavar should have gotten his son out during my next trip to china instead china told them why they were released very ungrateful!
getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners who have suffered enough!
learning to listen to my gut was the best thing ive ever done for myself inspired by thinkbig great
can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of isis and now we are spending billions trying to get him back!
ireland golf tourism will give a warm irish welcome the lodge at doonbeg thanks
i will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 7 00 enjoy!
love this guy no fake account spread the word trumpforprez
im very proud of my new crystal collection heres a sneak peak of my favorite collection elmsford cont
korean war to end! the united states and all of its great people should be very proud of what is now taking place in korea!
republicans in the senate will never win if they dont go to a 51 vote majority now they look like fools and are just wasting time
on my way to dayton ohio will be there soon!
it means so much to me receiving an endorsement from phyllis schlafly a truly great woman and conservative
played your spectacular course in westchester hit it to 17 on 13 awesome hole
i often ask that question myself
my interview discussing new baby my acceptance of $5m offer and hiring
as we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of africanamericans to our nation our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all proclamation
deportations are “plummeting” while obama continues to grant amnesty
when speaks people should listen thanks
let me ask if you dislike then why do you read his tweets? because they cant live without mehaters!
kind compassionate heart! proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have dads heart! thank you!
so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me thank you! heading to big crowd in south carolina!
everyone is asking me to cover the apprentice live on twitter i will do so tonight 9 to 11 it will be a great evening of television!
michael moore likes her trump2016
next time your in scotland can we go knock down some windmills ? and save the birds!
don trump is gods gift to america thanks bob
great cincodemayo to one of the best americans! latinamerica follows u always !
happy birthday leah
on my way to iowa just received new national poll numbers thank you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
sick!!! this country is going to shit! we need real people to run this country so get moving!
never allow your attitude to be a liability be positive and strong set your mind on winning and keep it there
first of all you dont necessarily need the best location what you need is the best deal the art of the deal
my gopdebate question for the other candidates
the failing new york times wrote another phony story it was political pundit doug schoen not a ukrainian businessman who asked me to do a short speech by phone skype hosted by doug in ukraine i was very positive about ukraineanother negative to the fake russia c story!
our country is facing a major threat from radical islamic terrorism we better get very smart and very tough fast before it is too late!
just watched recap of crookedhillarys speech very short and lies she is the only one fearmongering!
trump is only good canidate nonpolitician noninsider bring transpaency back
china is buying so many of our companies it’s really getting bad
tom ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w/ your faulty thought process i will win!
good luck to everyone playing the this week watch out for at doonbeg
it will be my first time voting and it would be an honor to vote for america needs your leadership!
dan you are a low life dumb ass! stupid too who made you an editor? a dead magazine!
my progrowth econ plan ✅eliminate excessive regulations! ✅lean government!✅lower taxes! debates …
during presidency median family income has fallen 48 terrible for the middle class
trump international golf club turnberry scotland home to four of the greatest open championships of all time
starts march 3
trump was right obamas america tops 2012 documentaries via
thank you idaho! i love your potatoes nobody grows them better as president i will protect your market
wrong screen is too smallsamsung size is better
from bush 1 to present our country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated trade deficits of more than 12 trillion dollars last year we had a trade deficit of almost 800 billion dollars bad policies and leadership must win again! maga
dopey the most overrated political pundit in the business continues to downgrade the republican cont
in bangladesh hostages were immediately killed by isis terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the koran 20 were killed!
intrinsic means basic inborn elemental if you have an intrinsic value it cannot be taken away think like a champion
the meeting next week with china will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits
im not sure why people are mad he really speaks the truth sir i support you for president
love the confidence that has thats what makes a great leader thank you
the poll said very plainly i came in second in the debate all others time drudge slate etc said i came in 1st
we crushed the original goal! i will write a $2 million check to our campaign if we hit our endofmonth goal!
popular vote abc news /washington post poll wrong big on election said almost all stand by their vote on me and 53 said strong leader
congrats trump its a great location🏢🏫
great new poll thank you!
a billionaire president now thats something id like to see! trump2016
hey please announce you are running in 2016 you are the only one who can revive our country
i still believe you would have beaten obama lmao i do also!
theyre all braindead puppets with skeletons in their closet i say you go on and destroy them all a dead show
great show tonight! cant wait till tomorrow night!!
cant wait for your official announcement that you are running potus2016 go trump go
lindsey graham is all over tv much like failed 47 candidate mitt romney these nasty angry jealous failures have zero credibility!
trump in chicago is almost as beautiful as maralago 😍
my interview from yesterday discussing how failed to show any leadership on th… cont
thank you and trump2016
melania and i are honored to light up the this evening for worldautismawarenessday join us and liub…
icymi announcement of air traffic control initiative watch➡️
needs to cut back on the pot and maybe he will stop making offers he can’t afford
i can hardly wait to do the interview when the old post office is finished in all her glamour
career advice from donald trump via by
i know gives in secret without even a writeoff spilled beans about 25k thank you!
a glorious winter afternoon in chicago
if everybody sued the journal news for revealing their info guns paper would go out of business
trumps historic 13 million primary votes a record congratulations
where is the main stream media reporting on univisions new expose of fast and furious? too busy looking at mitts taxes?
join me at clemson university on wednesday february 10th! makeamericagreatagain
here i am with whitney houston at a party at maralago
mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight mechanicaldog celebapprentice
the zimmerman trial is over it is time to move on while zimmerman is no angel he was acquitted and should be able to move on
left new hampshire for turnberry in scotland which i am renovating this place is incredible!
join me monday in columbus ohio and harrisburg pennsylvania! maga3 pm in oh in pa
great game last week your team really needed you!
youre a brilliant man always speaking of reform why not run for pres?
obamacare is in serious trouble the dems need big money to keep it going otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought
if really loved this country he wouldnt be destroying it he has ruined our credit and killed jobs with obamacare
come play trumps course at the point in charlotte nc! you wont be disappointed!
trump i have made a fortune against chinai know all of the killers on wall street trump v china? china has no chance!
money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a housebut be sure to lock in long term financing without which dont buy
celebrityapprentice is amazing love it
via the donald at
scary and unsustainable on monday the us added more debt than from 1776 through pearl harbor
dow rises 5000 points on the year for the first time ever make america great again!
don butler and executives are doing a great job at the cars are fantastic
if goofy elizabeth warren a very weak senator didnt lie about her heritage being native american she would be nothing today pick her h
today on earth day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land we stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation
giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding follow to see which causes are financed daily
obamacare has ruined healthcare everyone i know is having a hard time paying their new plans it costs too much!
obama’s budget spends $2b making our navy ships algaepowered the strong world is laughing at us
im honored to be presented the award of doctor of business administration honoris causa from robert gordon university in aberdeen scotland
i love new hampshire will be an exciting evening!
the oscars can learn a lot from the miss universe pageant true!
via “exclusive trump counsel cannot confirm or deny interest in buying new york times”
fbi director said crooked hillary compromised our national security no charges wow! riggedsystem
awesome example! thank you for being a great american!!! thanks
bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing prowar protpp prowall street crooked hillary clinton
thanks i am
when will the us government finally classify china as a currency manipulator? china is robbing us blind and defends them
rt fox news alert jihadis using religious visa to enter us experts warn via
just said at ncgopcon that politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward!
congrats to presobama and dems cbo has tripled its estimate of working hours lost due to obamacare job killer
wow shares are down more than 40 this year i never knew my ties and shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact!
became a super liberal obama fan only because he must need the moneyand on that’s the way it is
my new book timetogettough is the best present of the holiday season a great gift for anyone who cares about this country
a great honor to spend time with our brave heroes at the air station yuma thank you for your service to the united states of america!
very excited for the new season of apprentice a very diverse group of individuals
beautiful!
looks like plane may have been found in the indian ocean off the coast of australia
happy birthday tiffany
will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of va ms13 and crime will be gone vote today asap!
ive just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring and dumb haters and losers they are a waste of time and energy!
obama promised 52 unemployment by october 2012 his promises are worthless!
you rocked it! made my day!! enjoy your sunday mr trump! thanks!
the democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the southern border risking thousands of lives in the process it is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all americans we must build a great wall think merit and end lottery and chain usa!
after foolishly spending two trillion $s and losing so many great young people the us will be the only one who wont get the oil in iraq
gotta say apprentice is the only reality show i never miss! consistently flawless programming thanks
congratulations to patrick reed for winning at trump national doral he told me the blue monster is the best course ive ever played
we cannot keep fema the military and the first responders who have been amazing under the most difficult circumstances in pr forever!
could be the hurricane helps are rioting in the streets over gasoline
‘asked’ iran for our drone back they are returning a miniature model another diplomatic coup!
obama believes benghazi is a “phony scandal” nothing phony about americans being killed by islamists
rt utah speaker of the house announces endorsement of says played a big role
huckabee is a good manbut he needs to get behind i agree!
i hope when rand paul gets out of the race—he is at 1his supporters come over to me i will do a much better job for them
all of this russia talk right when the republicans are making their big push for historic tax cuts and reform is this coincidental? not!
“true courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow!” general norman schwarzkopf
“appreciate your property and your property will appreciate for you” – think like a billionaire
i never did give anybody hell i just told the truth and they thought it was hellharry s truman
just like i have warned from the beginning crooked hillary clinton will betray you on the tpp
obamacare enrollment lie obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in “their online shopping carts”
crooked hillary clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation actually she has done poorly with such men!
arod was a great player when he lived at trump park avenue even though he was on the juice!
model my management by mr trump consistent is everything
join me tomorrow! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain omaha nebraska oregon
big protests in iran the people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism looks like they will not take it any longer the usa is watching very closely for human rights violations!
thanks chris they know the real facts but dont choose to use themvery dishonest!
rt lets look at the calendar its january 20th daca expires on march 5th that means this was a construct of…
models! remember to register for the trump model search check out the info here
even the once great caesars is bankrupt in ac others to follow ask the democrat city council what happened to atlantic city
heading now for reno nevada for a big rally good poll numberd all over!
obama isis strategy has allowed it to expand to become a global threat debatenight
thank you! “trump’s defining speech” wsj editorial
over 150000 more of our fellow americans dropped out of the workforce in july is a disaster!
of course i dont think jimmy carter is deadsaw him today on tv just being sarcastic but never thought he was alive as president stiff!
we spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the world but with hurricane sandy and oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us!
we have made more progress in the last nine months against isis than the obama administration has made in 8 yearsmust be proactive and nasty!
“you had hillary clinton and the democratic party try to hide the fact that they gave money to gps fusion to create a dossier which was used by their allies in the obama administration to convince a court misleadingly by all accounts to spy on the trump team” tom fitton jw
looking forward to my iowa visit at summit big crowd!
for every ceo that drops out of the manufacturing council i have many to take their place grandstanders should not have gone on jobs!
we will never forget the 241 american service members killed by hizballah in beirut they died in service to our nation
news conference at the white house concerning the omnibus spending bill 1 00 pm
tonight! north carolina georgia nevada
congrats to miss universe 2011 and great on their engagement! i am very happy for you both
you speak the truth true!
trumpvlog obama stop chewing gum!
signing the facebook wall
take a tour of this amazing residence at trump world tower
we have to make america great again!
donald! donald! donald!!! makeamericagreatagain trump2016 trumpforpresident
please let donnie eric and ivanka run the empire for 4 years and saveourcountry
my friend of bought the miss universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on fox! tune in!
donaldtrump youre going to be the greatest president this country has ever seen i hope you win trump2016 commanderinchief
11000 inside venue tonight in tampa! broke record set by elton john in 1988 w/out musical instruments! another 5000 outside will be back!
remember it was the republican party with the help of conservatives that made so many promises to their base but didnt keep them! hi dt
i only wish my wonderful daughter tiffany could have been with us at maralago for our great election victory she is a winner!
hey youre my fav thanks
good luck to mike pompeo during his confirmation hearing today he will be a great secretary of state!
negotiation tip be patient be persistent be stubborn know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself
the crowd was huge makeamericagreatagain
based on john sweeneys lousy reputation we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown enjoy!
sorry but is a good and smart man who is doing really well that’s why he won
judge gorsuch will be sworn in at the rose garden of the white house on monday at 11 00 am he will be a great justice very proud of him!
jebbush i think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb
great seeing joan on todays
is living proof that with hard work and dedication you can accomplish your biggest dreams
if you run in 2016 how can we be of help
good interview on oreilly many people r unaware how foreigners play around w/ currency to win trade over usa companies
obama’s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of obama care the new reality
finally a real american running america!!
you have all been waiting the response has been amazing! watch my announcement now press release to follow at 12 15
ratings way down show irrelevant why havent they learned? always fails
trump has best shot in general election via
people are struggling to get gasoline for their carswe are like a third world country
we are not in a trade war with china that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who represented the us now we have a trade deficit of $500 billion a year with intellectual property theft of another $300 billion we cannot let this continue!
full speech donald trump campaign rally in pella ia 12316 via one of his best ever
here is my statement
the five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for isisbad deal! courtmarshal
it is amazing that after lambasting donald sterling on some dishonest press only reported my girlfriend from hell statement!
via by heather noel shelton school graduate receives handwritten note from donald trump
while criticizes the gop budget his own party graded him with an f by voting down his budget in the house 4140
entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality midastouch
hope runs for president in 2016 trump2016
keep going!
i think you would make a great president of the united states because you are an amazing leader thank you!
clinton corruption and her sabotage of the inner cities full speech transcript
obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya he should be held accountable
amen thank you trump
i would love the ass whopping you would give to hillary!
“you just cant beat the person who never gives up” – babe ruth
justice roberts did the republican party and a great favor he essentially said obamacare is a tax cont
maybe the usa needs to cancel all the rest of obamas vacations to actually deal with this
one of the country’s dumbest news papers—the palm beach postshould be put to sleep it’s dying
angel cabrerra will win the masters265lbs of everyman golferole! he is looking good!
james comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a special council? therefore the special council was established based on an illegal act? really does everybody know what that means?
will be in alabama tonight luther strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close he loves alabama and so do i!
entrepreneurs winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves remember to focus on the solutionnot the problem
the establishment fears trump! they are afraid to make america great again
a great deal of good things happening for our country jobs and stock market at all time highs and i believe will be getting even better!
the course is magnificent dt ! you cant stop progress!!
scotland is beautiful and trump internatonal golf linksscotland is progressing beautifully as well
thank you west chester pennsylvania! paprimary votetrump
i wonder who first guest will be his show will be great!
we know you hate mark cuban but what are your feelings on kevin oleary? never heard of him!
watch full speech donald trump massive rally in norfolk va 103115 on youtube
enthusiastic dynamic and fun and the american legion va respectful and strongto bad the dems have no one who can change tones!
thank you california! see you soon! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
stayed your new hotel in chicago this past weekend one of the best places ive stayed thanks
the media is pathetic our embassies are savaged by radicals while obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize
roll tide
how bad is the new york times—the most inaccurate coverage constantly always trying to belittle paper has lost its way!
great decision by in placing as chairman of the benghazi select committee gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor
arod had hip surgery and will be out 6 months do you notice all the “druggies” have bad hips
great article by on “sorry donald trump has a point”
it is time to get out and rebuild our own nation
via “trump iowa visit raises 2016 speculation”
very exciting i will be at macy’s herald square this wednesday at 5 30 pm to celebrate the launch of trump home crystal!
truegood luck!
watch donald trumps recent appearance on the late show with david letterman
investors are visionaries in some respectsthey look beyond the present
tonight in his sotu wont talk about keystone he will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare
your hand must be tired from all the crippled america books you autographed tonightone is mine great!
much as i will miss celeb apprentice we need a real president! id vote for him! love to see him on gdny
the president of the pathetic club for growth came to my office in nyc and asked for a ridiculous $1000000 contribution i said no way!
obama left our american hostages in iran trump2016
welcome to ireland! enjoy the fine weather on irelands golf courses thank you
noisy windfarm driving community crazy!
just arrived in syracuse ny big crowd great place! we will bring back the desperately needed jobs nyprimary
via “donald trump coming to sioux city in may”
“my view is that not only has trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the dossier and the lies about the clinton/dnc dossier it shows that he’s been victimized he’s been victimized by the obama administration who were using all sorts of
“donald trump im not buying the via
the talks between the us and iran are going on forever worlds longest negotiation obama has no idea what he is doing incompetent!
the ny daily snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
all rep should stand with trump2016 forget bush rubio and knife attackers! trump2016
hillarys vision is a borderless world where working people have no power no jobs no safety
shouldve made it farther😢😢 he is terrific!
thanks and happy new year
premiering jan 4th the record 14th season’s cast is the nastiest yet major boardroom fireworks!
you could never beat me at golf18 club championships
donald 4 president time 4 a real change!! gotmyvote thank you!
good place!
too many people on stage for debate at 11th with 2 in shouldnt be allowed to participate
in order to stay competitive in your industry it is imperative to keep up to date on all news a great commodity is information
entrepreneurs watching you could be the motivation for your employeesmake it an example that will best serve the success of your business
congratulations to michael jordan on his marriage over the weekend
“what you dream about is what you will do if you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big in life” think big
for years even as a civilian i listened as republicans pushed the repeal and replace of obamacare now they finally have their chance!
i have lived in chicago my whole life love the sign it brings class to the river dont know what the big deal is!
via by “trumps brand gives him 2016 mojo”
remember when guns are outlawed only outlaws will have guns!
has the best twitter
rt join on his official social media platforms during tonights debate ~ as manages rapid response…
the newly built blue monster at trump national doral is being considered a masterpiece by almost all who see it and play it thank you!
for too many years our inner cities have been left behind i am going to deliver jobs safety and protection for those in need
via “donald trump calls obama israels greatest enemy”
goofy political pundit george will spoke at maralago years ago i didn’t attend because he’s boring and often wrong—a total dope!
a level will be reached where obamacare will be so out of control expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship
there is
marco rubio had no idea what he was doing on chris wallace show said iraq was not a mistake he looked clueless!
i am pleased to inform you that secretary of state mike pompeo is in the air and on his way back from north korea with the 3 wonderful gentlemen that everyone is looking so forward to meeting they seem to be in good health also good meeting with kim jong un date and place set
visited your winery in charlottesville va today amazing! thanks
why isnt hillary 50 points ahead? maybe its the email scandal policies that spread isis or calling millions of…
why would i watch anyone who trusted this guy with nuclear codes?
celebrityapprentice my secret addiction! now only if you would do a regular people edition
shines in the record 13th season of ‘all star’ the baldwin clan will be proud of stephen
ted cruz said he didnt know that he was a canadian citizen he also forgot to file his goldman sachs million $ loan papersnot believable
is so off on iowa which i am leading big in new poll i will win iowa also i beat hillary easily!
despite the constant negative press covfefe
trumpvine on obamacare website
i have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that i spent far less money on the win than hillary on the loss!
is much better and far more truthful than which is all negative guests are stacked for crooked hillary! i dont watch
weve got to do something about this left wing socialist regime who has let our country go to hell calling president trump
via ratings sunday family guy and the simpsons down allstar celebrity apprentice up”
with an award winning course designed by tom fazio trump national philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel
revisionist history now obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans crazy!
have you listened to his plans for vets when he takes office? theyre incredible!!
how are you $55 million a bargain
all because of me people don’t care about you cher my week on twitter 1k retweets 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions
link of the day! most popular link among people i follow is by
zte the large chinese phone company buys a big percentage of individual parts from us companies this is also reflective of the larger trade deal we are negotiating with china and my personal relationship with president xi
you need to win for not just america but for humanity
scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population and more
will be interviewed by on tonight let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!
a doctor on nbc nightly news agreed with mewe should not bring ebola into our country through two patients but should bring docs to them
thank you geraldo for your nice words on tonight you are a true champion! thank great guy!
ted cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false no basis in fact take ad down ted biggest liar in politics!
join me in denver colorado tomorrow at 9 30 pm !tickets
entrepreneurs take responsibility for yourself its a very empowering attitude
when you get bored with others youll be back and dont hurry
the price of greatness is responsibility winston churchill
zogby poll trump widens lead after gop debate
the democrat governorof minnesota said the affordable care act obamacare is no longer affordable! and it is lousy healthcare
you are such a bright man you have my vote!!
if the republicans are serious about stopping hillary they really need to nominate i agree!
and dumb people like
my interview yesterday from news max obama is now totally lost boehner must not fold
jeb bush family ties and a museum that never materialized not good!
putin just sent a russian nuclear sub to the gulf of mexico cant be bothered he is too concerned with taxes
new poll shows donald trump blowing everyone else out of the water
because i was told i could not do well in iowa i spent very little there a fraction of cruz and rubio came in a strong second great honor
perhaps biggest shortcoming as president is he failed to unite the country
such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states i will work hard and never let you down! america first!
now an additional 600700 jobs in america 2000 being eliminated for move to mexico via hartford courant
just read book contagious why things catch on reminded me of u ur one of a kind! thank you!
remember when you hear the words sources say from the fake media often times those sources are made up and do not exist
the judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart bad people are very happy!
10 yrs ago today the iraq war began 4485 of our nation’s finest have not returned home alive iran will soon control iraq and its oil
remember the terrorists that obama has been arming in syria against assad well now they are marching on bagdad
is the top public course in the country with magnificent pacific ocean views
you should give the money back draintheswamp
i dont care what people say i love confidence
sherman has great respect for you mr trump
best season of yet! great television!
the scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist almegrahi for humanitarian reasons
spoke to prime minister abe of japan who is very enthusiastic about talks with north korea also discussing opening up japan to much better trade with the us currently have a massive $100 billion trade deficit not fair or sustainable it will all work out!
follow the money! the spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported collusion with russia because there was no collusion he was only there to spy for political reasons and to help crooked hillary win just like they did to bernie sanders who got duped!
bravo for saying whats on most of americans mind lets make america great again!
jonathan stuart leibowitz
we are getting it done jobs and security!
can you imagine what the outcry would be if failing career and all had aimed and fired the gun at president obama? jail time!
give america back its dream! donald j trump
it all begins today! i will see you at 11 00 am for the swearingin the movement continues the work begins!
wow! thx donald! you said it like it iswho would of thought you you were out for the blue collarpoor people
so generous and pious! after spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel donated to himself
nelson mandela and two worlds leaders
the very dishonest refuses to accept the fact that i have forgiven my $50 million loan to my campaign done deal!
thanks joey!
why would the great people of florida vote for a guy who as a senator never even shows up to vote worst record marco rubio is a joke!
pres obama is meeting with china’s pres this week he will get zero deliverables china laughs at us
we desperately need another great president come on mr trump america needs you!
what is the best book for real estate? i want to get into the business trump the art of the deal!
wishing your wife a happy birthday
vera coking saved me “mucho” money by turning down my offer—thanks vera!
thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the national press club it was my great honor!
thank you mahoning county ohio! see you soon! makeamericasafeagain
tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire for his comments on sandy and the death and destruction it caused
via trump offers to fund white house tours
happy birthday best author i never get tired of reading think big and the apprentice!
government is shut down yet obama is now harassing the privately owned to change its namehe needs to focus on his job!
thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again! imwithyou americafirst
just completed the art of the deal written the year i was born and its principles still apply today very inspiring!
stock just dropped interesting so many people calling to say they are cutting up their credit card thank you!
trump tops dem candidates on google before dem debate
interview w/melanie batley via news max
the reporter who pulledback from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun i dont know what he looks like and dont know him!
go for the gold standardaim high be tenacious and have passion for your work
the new motto you own nothing not even your own success
geraldo trump would make us a successful capitalist entity
crooked has given up advertising in iowa on me—remember they wanted my million dollars—i said no—total frauds!
to save us and to show respect for veterans we need a real leader like yod.c.resident thank you!
watching home alone 2 with the little didnt know was on it! love the donald!
lightweight ag eric schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected ag in the us he is a total joke!
will be on at 7 02 am enjoy
we actually really do love you! great!
with our weakened dollar gas will continue to rise fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs
lol~ everything in life is luck donald trump i never made this ridiculous statement
i will be going to asheville north carolina tonight for the 95th birthday party of the great billy graham such a wonderful man!
because the ban was lifted by a judge many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country a terrible decision
great debate poll numbers i will be on at 7 00 to discuss enjoy!
you can be an player with murder charges and not be suspended yet with no evidence targeted tom brady bs!
theyre all jealous of your success trump2016 makeamericagreatagain thanks
if you live in a state with early voting you should be voting as soon as possible bring your friends and family with you
“the best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates” – midas touch
yes you can for countrys good
florida has been very good to me i am really esxcited to give back at the sarasota gop event and convention will be fun!
those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it albert camus
putin re snowden issue “it is like shearing a pig there’s lots of squealing and little fleece”
typical i bet the dems will surrender the oil over to the russians and chinese as payment for our debts etc
tbt at the us open tennis tournament with see same hairstyle!
mr trump plaza take your daughters advice!
american must now get very tough very smart and very vigilant we cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening
if you’ve looked over the yearsi’ve been right on virtually every issue from iraq not going in but if so taking the oil to jobs to china
coming soon to pennsylvania avenue
great poll thank you nevada! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re china and tpp this moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100
thank you for those nice words!
they loved you there nhfortrump trump2016 thanks!
i am no fan of president obama but to show you how dishonest the phony washington post is
reverend wright was dumped like a dog by cant be feeling too good
thank you florida my administration will follow two simple rules buy american and hire american! icymi watch …
– don’t worry about liam you can do much better and you have plenty of time—remain strong!
is no bargain but i dont like john mayerhe dates and tellsbe careful katy just watch!
heatwave in scotland makes wind turbines useless big problem expensive mess
it was a pleasure to meet you today mrtrump wishing the very best with trump international doonbeg
“the idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited all you have to do is tap into that well”
the architectural boat tour is great
thank you!! really amazing
my interview discussing trumptuesdays high ratings statement and policies
marshawn lynch of the nfl’s oakland raiders stands for the mexican anthem and sits down to boos for our national anthem great disrespect! next time nfl should suspend him for remainder of season attendance and ratings way down
how many of donalds rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east
weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365000 manufacturing sector is suffering badly we must do better
the massive tax cuts which the fake news media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their democrat bosses will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves companies are already making big payments to workers dems want to raise taxes hate these big cuts!
there is only one fix for obamacare repeal and replace with a free market oriented alternative!
“trump gives em hell” via
i cant understand people who dont like must be because hes got everything anyone wishes they had thanks
lasvegasstrong usa🇺🇸🎥
we now have confirmation as to one reason crooked h wanted to be sure that nobody saw her emails payforplay how can she run for pres
i look forward to reading the 232 analysis of steel and aluminum to be released in june will take major action if necessary
the united states must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
based on the photos and articles ive readits beautiful thank you!
we need a real president to get things done and thats why we want you! thank you
well damn got straight to the point didnt ya? celebapprentice
rev is a great man and so is his son franklin graham
american professors were in tehran for an occupy wall street conference diplomatic initiative?!?!
sound the trumpets for a trump 2016 presidential run hear what he has to say
please save us run savior got my vote
via by trump effect will see dubai properties rise 50”
today i am here to offer a renewed partnership with america to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the indopacific and together to promote our prosperity and security apec2017
“if it doesnt sell it isnt creative” david ogilvy
you always look great on tv even without a trump tie!
if doesn’t clean up his act stop cheating and doing negative ads i have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen
who plays more golf yourself or the president? my money is on potus you win!
big win in the house very exciting! but when everything comes together with the inclusion of phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare!
everyone should go see great documentary showcasing legacy
careless use of a secret server put national security at risk vpdebate bigleaguetruth
today it was my great honor to sign a new executive order to ensure veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life we must ensure that our heroes are given the care and support they so richly deserve!
i wear my donald trump tie every week incredible great!
boeing is at a record high thanks for saying to buy a while back you are welcome
trump really knows what hes talking about everyone is just too jealous to listen lol thank you!
flew through lga on friday and got a good look at your amazing plane to bad lga is such a dump not a great welcome to nyc
thank you trump charlotte is a beautiful place goflashes
randy moss said he was the greatest receiver of all time—no way—it was
hmmmcan you imagine me speaking at the rnc convention in tampa? thats a speech everyone would watch
life brings you many surprises as a child i used to vacation with my family at the doral in miami now i own it
china wouldnt provide a red carpet stairway from air force one and then philippines president calls obama the son of a whore terrible!
i am so disappointed that the yankeed havent terminatrd arods contract there is no way they would not win in court! hard to believe
the art of the deal is a good start
rt comey’s misconduct once led both republicans and democrats to call for his firing his reputation rehabilitation book to…
when will mayor vescio and manager zegarelli repave pine road in it is a disgrace!
on tonight with her fabulous melania timepieces and jewelry tune in at 1am est!
headlines donald trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go keepingitreal
i think that you would be as good as reagan please run!!!
“an entrepreneur’s ability to find strength when others want to run hide quit”
and says something is seriously wrong he will never go down as great!
glad to see that has been hired by as an analyst pete should be around baseball and in the hall of fame!
for those that constantly say that “global warming” is now “climate change”—they changed the name the name global warming wasn’t working
i hearby demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it
looking forward to speaking at sparknb next week in atlantic canadamy first time ever
“worry destroys focus” – think big
i applaud columbia south carolina for cleaning up biz center will cut crime and advance commerce
saw this today from a few hundred feet! very impressive building! thanks!
is a genius when it comes to politics you cant deny thedonald thank you
fmr pres of mexico vicente fox horribly used the f word when discussing the wall he must apologize! if i did that there would be a uproar!
i’m on tonight to talk about what the yankees should have done about arod long ago
i think if you run youll get a lot of people that wouldnt normally votevote for you thank you
your the man don you make me smile every day look forward to your inauguration nice!
great everyone is saying i did much better on last week than president obama did tonight i agree!
would you approve of martin @ scorsese or francis ford coppola ever directing a movie of your life ? would be fascinating!
negotiation tip think about what the other side wants know where theyre coming from try to create a win/win situation
i refuse to vote in 2016 unless is running and if hes not im getting a one way ticket outta here
bbc is a scandal ridden wastelanda one sided piece of garbage!
secy sebelius who was responsible for the horrendous obamacare rollout should resign or be firedrefuses to go before congress to explain
thank you! trump2016
i have to give donaldtrump credit he lets everyone tourists into his beautiful hotel residenceand its beautiful!!
my latest celebrity apprentice video blog
the is a total joke and laughing stock of journalism as is gross arianna huffington they don’t report the facts!
i am in iowa today great state fantastic people! many speeches big crowds all sold out! make america great again!
looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course thank you
congrats to jim lipton and inside the actors studio for winning the emmy award for the 250th episode i was honored to appear in it
rt thank u to queen fabiola university hospital! enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients and getting a tour brussels…
make america great again were running out of time!
u need to have a talk show of your own it would really be big because u have interesting views i agree
congratulations to mitt romney he was not only good he was absolutely fantastic tonight!
loved trumps answers to voters questions this morning! trumps economic plan will help maga neverhillary
there are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these nfl games that they are no longer worth watching soft hitting and boring!
when will people realize that is not an intellectual but actually a rather dumb guy—just look at his past
yea but you know the only problem i see? the donald is the only one willing to tell it like it is!!
ill be on on monday at 7 30 ambe sure to tune in
whocaroniscalling…
prediction rand paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him he will announce soon 1!
to every action there is always opposed an equal reaction isaac newton
mike pence is working hard on healthcare and getting our wonderful republican senators to do what is right for the people
great interview on oreilly tonight!
thebillmcgee year of wear your shirts still look great! glad i made the purchase! thank you
thanks it has been amazing!
new york
we now live in a crippledamerica but will make the usa stronger than ever b4
fernando thank you for the great review of the blue monster in south florida golfespecially top 10 in the world i love
totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives both democrats and republicans fake news ! russia says nothing exists probably
this is a level of criminality beyond the pale this is such a grave abuse of power and authority it’s like nothing else we’ve seen in our history this makes the nixon watergate burglary look like keystone cop stuff
country music star returns to allstar competing for trace is great!
ok tweeps who is going home first tonight?! celebapprentice
remember dont believe sources said by the very dishonest media if they dont name the sources the sources dont exist
the new york times/bill carter/sept26 2011 on msnbc meanwhile lawrence odonnell has lost 100000 viewers cont
new fbi texts are bombshells!
us industrial production surged in april
“action is the foundational key to all success” pablo picasso
the new line of trump ties shirts and cufflinks are out at macys and are really beautiful at a really reasonableprice go check them out!
thank you for your kind remarks on the important issue of ptsd and the dishonest media great to be in arizona yesterday!
this week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in benghazi that left 4 americans dead no answers!
for the sake of new york city all recent sexting victims of anthony ‘carlos danger’ weiner should come forward
trumpy really loves the irish!
will make america as successful as his empire! we need trump!
vs for the white house would make for awesome debates!
no one wants a bush or a clinton they want a straight shooter like trump!
i just started construction of the old post office on pennsylvania avenue in dc many jobs will be finest hotel in us watch it happen!
just read about my friend was set uptoo bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles
economists on the tax cuts and jobs act “the enactment of a comprehensive overhaul complete with a lower corporate tax rate will ignite our economy with levels of growth not seen in generations”
el chapo comes to the us often thru our border—its been revealed he has ca drivers license
we the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same donald will back up his words!!!!
jointsession maga🇺🇸
i dont believe i have been given any credit by the voters for selffunding my campaign the only one i will keep doing but not worth it!
via the new york times
its endometriosis awareness month176 million women suffer from this disease
yes
woohoo! the united states of america president trump! i like the sound of that! trump2016
with the debt limit approaching has even more leverage if they stay united and on message they can win
1 keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign will jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me?
my interview discussing missusa olivia culpo the job numbers and the waste of the obama stimulus
a great article by out the truth on mexico trade the border and illegals thank you
congrats to for being voted best twitter account to follow by the open mick podcast youvemadeit
the amazing trump national golf club los angeles
mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only syria drug trade is largely the cause we will build the wall!
with all my administration has done on legislative approvals broke harry truman’s record regulation cutting judicial appointments building military va tax cuts and reform record economy/stock market and so much more i am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news ?
four
trump has stamina he is working harder than any other candidate he really loves america he deserves to win
rt what this president has done is truly historic and if a democrat president achieved 1/10th of what
via by trump tees up another hole in one in scotland
im looking forward to staying tonight! i have heard wonderful things greatenjoy!
your contributions to the world are priceless! thank you for your wisdom and inspirational life! thank you!
thank you for the nice piece in / up the great work!
congratulations to brandy as our new apprentice and to clint for being a great player its been a terrific season!
why didnt hillary clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions she secretly used them! crooked hillary
california governor jerry brown is doing the right thing and sending the national guard to the border thank you jerry good move for the safety of our country!
watch my appearance on
deals are my art form other people paint beautifully or write poetry i like making deals preferably big deals thats how i get my kicks
absolutely love the trump in chicago! the view from the bar is incredible!! thank you
run mr trump! run! oreillyfactor i doubt sec kerry ever read art of the deal
i hope the is ready for a third party if they blow this election because that is what they will face they must fight hard
he invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the british state dinner so corrupt!
great going –you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real we love you at trump jupiter
you will save this country no one can beat the stupdity bettor then you you are the man! 2016
the donald for president big yes! the country needs a leader
you need to become president before world war 3 starts! do not kid yourself world war iii could happen
how can an attorney general ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case a total sleazebag!
radio interview w/ discussing why ny must start fracking and staying in primary
i told the republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before electionamp we would have a republican president—they wouldn’t listen
amazing rally in florida this is a movement! join us today at
wow! i just heard that the previously unknown singer mac miller has received over 67 million hits on his song donald trump
via trump to be inducted into wwe hall of fame
listen to what he says you will know in your heart it is the truth we are in a bad way he is the only one who gets it
you can’t make a great deal go over the cliff and negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in february!—trump 101
see you on the 16th! i look forward to seeing you!
i hope all workers demand that their reps endorse donald j trump nobody knows jobs like i do! don’t let them sell you out!
lightweight schneidermans suit was filed on a saturday unheard of against a school with a 98 approval rating right after obama meeting
thanks amelia!
dan amira owes mr trump and his wife an apology! he doesnt have the guts to apologize!
crooked hillary clinton wants completely open borders millions of democrats will run from her over this and support me
the republican party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials they must be tough and smart
is xmas present i want 2016! not just a happy holiday! the most importent day in the world if trump is prez!
if donald were stopped and frisked he would raise hell and whine about his civil rights! no way!
a nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation president ronald reagan
wrong piers is smart and tough and when you get to know him a really good guyand loyal!
we must have security at our very dangerous southern border and we must have a great wall to help protect us and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country!
a great new poll33!
great news ! just outthe highly respected usa today/suffolk university poll enjoy!
please run for president this country needs a real leader please
the must renegotiate contract he is not the same player without drugs
via by exclusive trump says obama shows ‘total desperation’ on iran
great oped from looks like some in the freedom caucus are helping me end obamacare
is a total phony and dishonest guy asked me for expensive hotel rooms free and more i said pay and he endorsed cruz!
loved doing ncgopconvention keynote speech last night! unbelievable reception had the biggest crowds by far of any of the gop candidates
we will never forget the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific pulsenightclub shooting…
bottom line i dont think president changed peoples minds must hope for a lifeline from putin a very dangerous lifeline at that!
kanye west has performed a great service to the black community big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in decades legacy stuff! thank you also to chance and dr darrell scott they really get it lowest black and hispanic unemployment in history
memorial day is a time to honor our nations finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom god bless them all
just out boston herald/franklin pierce poll nh trump 28 up 10 carson 16 bush 9 rubio 6 cruz 5 press will say they are surging!
babe ruth would have hated you you know this right?!? “you just cant beat the person who never gives up” – babe ruth
hillary is too weak to lead on border securityno solutions no ideas no credibilityshe supported nafta worst deal in us history debate
im going to the border tomorrow will be seeing some really brave people look forward to a big day!
i lived in ny when tacky pataki was gov he was a total disaster for the people of new york
thank you montana! trump2016
russia sent millions to clinton foundation
rt senator dicky durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the daca meeting deals can’t get made when there is no t…
wowvery nice!
thank you this is our onceinageneration opportunity to revitalize our economy revive our industry and renew the american dream!
santorum calls trump debate skippers hypocrites
guilty plea in bird deaths at wind farms a first new york news
rt rt if you believe is the one who owes america an apology! bigleaguetruth debates
renovations are revitalizing miami the new course will be a great challenge
the nfl has all sorts of rules and regulations the only way out for them is to set a rule that you cant kneel during our national anthem!
as always great job mr trump!! truth we all need to hear it! you gave us hope!! we need it now!!
the phony club for growth which asked me in writing for $1000000 i said no is now wanting to do negative ads on me total hypocrites!
i definitely agree with really hope you will run for president! thank you!
should have settled … ft lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after trump trial victory
the us has put together a strong bid w/ canada and mexico for the 2026 world cup it would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the us bid why should we be supporting these countries when they don’t support us including at the united nations?
donald trump for president! big fan of the celebrityapprentice
if dummy bill kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an independent say good bye to the supreme court!
i do wish people would stop rting piers morgan a life without piers in it is a much better life wrong!
just drove by trim tower in chicago what a beauty thank you
the media hates trump b/c hes a proud american entrepreneur who loves his country wants others 2 succeed and calls out their lies
i plan on voting for you in 2016 we need economic success in this country i know you can provide
i spell out some of the differences between ben carson and myself at 9 00 am on ben is very weak on illegal immigration
my commitment 2016 conversation with discussing leadership china healthcare and veterans
from donald trump “i’m so proud of my wife melania and the launch of her new jewelry line to debut on qvc on april 30th at 9 pm ”
was ur first tee shot at trump links a snap hook? sadly yes!
statement on clinton foundation
entrepreneurs being stubborn is a big part of being a winner dont give in and dont give up!
mitt romney didnt show his tax return until september 21 2012 and then only after being humiliated by harry r! a bad messenger for estab!
always enjoy listening to you on too bad this administration doesnt take your advice!
sign is the right size given size of the building
fires its employees builds a new factory or plant in the other country and then thinks it will sell its product back into the us
please run for president i will gladly work on your campaign
rated toronto’s 1 hotel the 65story 5 star is located in the heart of the city’s finest attractions
amazing service from great job youre hired! all future business trips
bernie sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan a curse on the us and its people
i spoke with other candidates to a jewish group many friends in dc i said im a negotiator like you got standing orated best of day!
jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the us unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically cut and it will only get better much more to come!
best to look up titles at under publications start with the art of the deal and never give up
just left hospital rep steve scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape but he is a real fighter pray for steve!
good job donald ill call nbc a see if theyll giv you lenos spotlol
i am signing copies of my book crippled america order yours nowmakes a great holiday gift! … …
geraldohes the man to beat!
is terrific at hosting on he really gets it!
i don’t cheat at golf but cheats—with his game he has no choice—and stop doing commercials!
john kasich fell right into president obama’s trap on obamacare and the people of ohio are suffering for it shame!
here are 14 reasons why is running and doing well
i will be there soon!
not even close dopey!
benghazi was a massive cover up
will enjoy todays trumpvlog
and did not say that lawyer beck lost the case and i got legal fees also she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep
huma should dump the sicko weiner he is a calamity that is bringing her down with him
crazy says i dont wont go on her show and she still gets good ratings but almost all of her shows are negative hits on me!
youre the real deal for my money tedcruz just doesnt cut the mustard go trump! donaldtrump thedonald
ive been warning about china since as early as the 80’s no one wanted to listen now our country is in real trouble timetogettough
they were amazing thanks!
heading to camp david for major meeting on national security the border and the military which we are rapidly building to strongest ever
how can ted cruz be an evangelical christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?
karl rove destroyed the republican party time to rebuild it true!
trump urges gop to be mean as hell via
thank you michigan! this is a movement that will never be seen again its our last chance to draintheswamp! watch…
keep shiningthe ppl will not let the media dim your lightwe no longer believe them! trump2016 thanks
in 09 obama released the isis chief the terrorist gloated “i’ll see you in new york” historic natl sec error
will be leaving the philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs and work in order to maga! my promises are rapidly being fulfilled
am leaving now for florida to see our great first responders and to thank the us coast guard fema etc a real disaster much work to do!
pres obama was touting yemen as a great success story it just fell obama doesnt know what he is doing saudi arabia is in big trouble
i love donald trump people are just jealous i admire his family good man that would be a great potus
it would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life
donald trump is the man loved the interview on letterman! thanks!
we love u to trump family god bless you
great jobs report today it is all beginning to work!
so great to have the endorsement and support of paul ryan we will both be working very hard to make america great again!
the ratings for the republican national convention were very good but for the final night my speech great thank you!
speaks the truth trumpforprez2016
emmy awards show was terrible last night same shows winning over and over again politics amazing race a joke host seth meyers bombed!
just toured baton rouge louisiana great people fantastic place doing really well miss usa pageant totally sold outtomorrow night nbc
been a great week more of the same will get you in the white house!
great new poll from nh thank you! we need to keep this country safe! trump2016
personally i think douglas dursts brother got screwed by douglasno wonder hes angry
rt in 2012 w/ romney on tax returns🤔political ploy fast forward2016 w/ robot rubio🤖 fail👎 politician https …
nobody but donald trump will save israel you are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns best! sheldonadelson
everybody is asking why the justice department and fbi isnt looking into all of the dishonesty going on with crooked hillary and the dems
$25 million raised online in just one week! record week draintheswamp today we set a bigger record contribute gt
you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! trump2016 thanks
i ask again how much is very wealthy south korea paying the united states for protecting it against north korea?
from 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the east coast
in the end youre measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish ~ donald trump
we want to hear you announce that you are going to run! please!
26000 unreported sexual assults in the militaryonly 238 convictions what did these geniuses expect when they put men and women together?
jeanne shaheen wants amnesty for illegals placed the deciding vote for obamacare and opposes the 2nd amendment vote her out in november!
do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone being complacent is a good way to get nowhere get your momentum going and keep it going
it’s march 5th and the democrats are nowhere to be found on daca gave them 6 months they just don’t care where are they? we are ready to make a deal!
my father fred c trump
i will not let the families of the remembrance project down! makeamericasafeagain
while tom brady is guilty because he replaced his legal cellphone?
just arrived in new hampshire another packed venue! will be fun
interesting studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
both obama administration and house leadership staffs are exempt from obamacare why not the american people? makedclisten
getting ready to deliver a very important decision! 8 00 pm
its time the world is ready for your leadership
thank you for your wonderful words we will makeamericagreatagain
see you saturday in greenville sc to hear more! great
mexico is making a fortune on naftathey have very strong border laws ours are pathetic with all of the money they make from the us hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours at least until congress changes our immigration laws!
reuters 5day rolling poll trump 34 carson 196 rubio 97 cruz 77 thank you a great honor!
thank you louisiana! trump2016 supersaturday
thank you indiana! was great seeing everyone on wednesday! i will be back soon! trump2016
thanks for standing for vets take care of those that give so much
obama is a horrible leader cant get anyone to agree on anything i believe trump is for real thank you
makeamericasafeagain! gopconvention rncincle
looking forward to the gop debate and the outcome of the ames straw poll we must get a real leader
these dayswe could all use a little of the power of trumpative thinking –barnesandnoblecom
trump international hotel las vegas and trump international hotel tower waikiki beach walk
why isnt president instead of obama ?? that is truly a good question!
most people like trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought
rt history teaches us that weakness arouses evil america needs to be strong on the world stage vpdebate
i would support you i think you are very smart! thank you
your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself
thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families along with everyone at the berrien county courthouse in st joseph michigan
donald trump by mac miller never gets old to me 👌
ill be speaking at the firstever national achievers congress at the san jose convention center san jose ca cont
how about president obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction
this iowan is voting for iacaucus thank you for supporting iowa! my great honor
the art of the deal is on my christmas list lets hope i get it
couldnt agree more!
an extremely credible source has called my office and told me that applied to occidental as a foreign studentthink about it!
read an excerpt from think like a champion by donald j trump
state department official accused of offering quid pro quo in clinton email scandal
what a horrible thing to say! not exactly an unbiased editorvery unprofessional and sad!
on the bright side romneys loss gave us donald trump! so true!
crooked hillary will never be able to handle the complexities and danger of isis it will just go on forever we need change!
wow! such a wonderful article from fantastic peoplemy great honor!
i created far more jobs and success in dutchess than youyou should be fired
crooked hillary clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the dnc they just got caught thats all! they laughed at bernie
i think i speak for most rightminded folk when i say i really hope does run for president
with proper thinking and leadership we can have a much better plan than obamacare something that works for the people and costs much less
a quote from the late great golfer sam snead practice puts brains in your muscles! this is true also in life
“most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning” the art of the deal
true is a scene stealer without trying he’s got a gift celebapprentice
just watched jebs ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him jeb mom cant help you with isis the chinese or with putin
i have been saying it for sometime now! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
definitely a great president!!
via union leader trump leads tribute for slain journalist james foley new hampshire first amendment awards
great job by michaelcaputo on
is a winner thats why he will run for presidency!!!!!!! trump2016 for sure!!!!
hard to believe that with 24/7 fake news on cnn abc nbc cbs nytimes and wapo the trump base is getting stronger!
would get my vote for president any day!!! america
thank you kevin with unification of the party republican wins will be massive!
ben carson has not criticized trump! and theres no need to mention dr carsons education!
thanksglad it was good
you would make a great gop president mr trump!💯💯💯💯
please run
just bought doral hotel and country club in miamiwithin two years it will be the best resort in the country
shouldnt there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11?
“i believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner”
remain open to new ideas thats where innovation comes from
someone as smart as you should seriously run for president!!! thank you!
the socalled ‘moderate’ syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to isis after obama’s address we should not be arming them!
in that has with really dumb racist bryant gumbeland i mean dumb and no cbs which fired bryant i am switching bldgs
hillarys refusal to mention radical islam as she pushes a 550 increase in refugees is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country
very nice!
9 years from now we will thank president trump for making us great again! thank you!
republican senators are working very hard to get tax cuts and tax reform approved hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the american public!
“ “ i’m 22 i own my company i started because of you… any advice? give me 10kidding
this new russian strategy guarantees victory for the syrian governmentand makes obama and us look hopelessly bad president in trouble!
kate is donating a kidney to her husband you can help! i did donate
via donald trump on how rubio should have drank his water
“statement by president trump on the apprehension of mustafa alimam for his alleged role in benghazi attacks”
i would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question? with a little good guidance great!
icymi described my monday speech as one of my “best and most riveting”
7 million americans are going to lose their jobs due to obamacare 46 million face 300 premium increases defund! makedclisten
great meeting with the wonderful wife of christian pastor saeed who is in iranian prison savesaeed
glad to see kenya go even gladder to see again rip love you joan!
just took millions of $s in special interest money to look like a tough guy will never work!
government should spend that on fighting isis run for president donald you can do it
rt big night largestever dallas county gop reagan day dinner as i told the crowd under president promise…
thanks but i dont feel like itwork too hard!
agree kate needed the boot her time will come
yo bro you rock! fo real very cool thanks!
mike pompeo is outstanding first in his class at west point a top student at harvard law school a success at whatever he has done we need the senate to approve mike asap he will be a great secretary of state!
the historic rescissions package we’ve proposed would cut $15000000000 in wasteful spending! we are getting our government back on track
congratulations to our great resident of chicago trump tower patrick kane for the stanleycup win and winning mvp of series
not long obama plays with our emotions knowing we all love to see this soldier come home stupid man!
an appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile hoping it will eat him last winston churchill
bring the honesty to the white house even thinks you should! 2016
moderator “respectfully you won’t answer the paytoplay question” debate bigleaguetruth
start to save america pres trump!
wow the economy is really bad! gross domestic product down 07 in 1st quarter and getting worse i told you so! only i can fix
early morning moonset in pacific ocean trump golf la in rancho palos verdes
agreed but why are you up so early hopefully because youre playing golf like me this morning correct!
be sure to watch my wonderful wife melania trump tonight on at 1am est
you date girls young enough to be your daughterthats perverted dated no thats talent
the trump tower restaurant trump grill just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible “a” – the food is also great!
go angelo failed and gave up now wants more pr loser!
great going mark
tune in at and get the word out bigleaguetruth debate help us spread the truth stop the…
in 08 called jerusalem israels capital now he attacks on jerusalem
great segment! ty for the laughs
trump golf links at ferry point grand opening next tuesday may 26th at 11 am jack nicklaus will be joining me
the man who wouldve kept us right years ago the man who will put us right in the future the only real choice trump2016
i mean seriously come on donald trump is the coolest guy ever thanks but easy against the losers!
you were great donald!
that could be agreed
dopeywho went bankrupt you? i never did
failed presidential candidate mitt romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me 1/2
we need a president that can get america back on track and get things done! for president!
just booked my trip to trump intnl golf links in aug so excited to play the best have fun!
the crowd in ohio was amazing last night broke all records we all had a great time in a great state will be back soon!
tax cuts will increase investment in the american economy and in us workers leading to higher growth higher wages and more jobs!
i will be interviewed on at 7 30
the misery index is at a 28 year high
i am leaving for sioux city iowa great event rally
hillary has bad judgment!
exclusive fbi agents say comey ‘stood in the way’ of clinton email investigation
great interview with ! thanks
looking forward to welcoming this event to the greater longbeach area! meetinlb
sugar working hard so i make plenty of $ with your show
cant wait to get to play on my list for a long time awesome job thanksyou will love it!
this is no act of love as jeb bush said…
objectified tonight at 10 00 pm enjoy!
makes me proud to be an american so nice thank you!
mr trump in a nutshell what is my best course of action to succeed? great ideas and hard work!
if you have passion confidence resilience and vision you could become an entrepreneur add focus to the list and youre off to a good start
now that george bush is campaigning for jeb! is he fair game for questions about world trade center iraq war and eco collapse? careful!
thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption much respect mr trump trump4prez
donald trumps palm beach mansion 😍💰
obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557b it is actually double that at $11t we cant afford four more years
my shirts ties and fragrance are doing great at them! make fantastic gifts
why the nations debt keeps growing a dept of agriculture employee made over $242k with a $63k bonus ridiculous
justice kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles in light of justice roberts bullshit!
an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the super delegates
for those saying its not crowded you didnt see the people on the balcony and crowded outside
we cant get you in the wh fast enough the drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood watch
as usual celebrity apprentice never fails to entertainanother great seasoncant wait for finale
rodolfo rosas moya and his pals in mexico owe me a lot of money disgusting and slow mexico court system mexico is not a us friend
when it comes to the future of america’s energy needs we will find it we will dream it and we will build it…
daily caller trump surpasses field flirts with 40 percent in alabama poll
new york yankees president randy levine end of the republican party if donald trump not nominated
airing live from baton rouge at 8 pm et on 2014 competition will be a tremendous event
really stuck your neck on the line there great shout thank you
they were taken out of context trying to make him look bad to the american hispanic community
must apologize my statement were going to get them out so fast so quick applied to hard core criminals and gang members lie
not much its too easy!
did an amazing job raising money for with his event featuring watch
oil is rising back over $100 barrel opec loves to rip us off why shouldnt theythey always get away with it
tv’s darling is back in this year’s “allstar” marild.c. fierce competitor
the euro is going to collapse soon cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their euro investments
loved the brutal zinger against the wall street journal!!!
if you have a problem with putting trump on his building you need to reassess your life get over it
i love you mr trump thanks samantha
not even close!
how are you a billionaire? you mean ten times over hater loser
i think senator blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in vietnam where he lied about his service so he can at least say he was there
the countryside party just formed in scotland to fight ugly wind turbines and congrats to jim crawford and countryside party
why is it that eric schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after jon corzine and big abusers for billions?
are you redoing the red course @ doral too? yes
i attended concert last night in newark nj doesn’t get any better than that was fantastic great energy!
the pres needs some helpcan you teach him the words youre fired!? he will be using them often and soon!
march 3rd
save your time and focus on your horrible ratings and dont mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same
massive regulation cuts 36 new legislative bills signed great new scjustice and infrastructure healthcare and tax cuts in works!
a momentous day great job on old post officewe will make you proud!
all the governors are already backing off of the ebola quarantines bad decision that will lead to more mayhem
trump is the smartest of all my comment is non partisan i heard everybody n im on trump side
this is our favorite tower in chicago! we love it! we sit in front of it just to contemplate it!
the celebrity apprentice is back january 4th and i cant wait to see pick people apart in the boardroom
wow reviews are in thank you!
mark cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing t shirts no strength!
“the aesthetic the quality has to be carried all the way through” steve jobs
looking forward seeing on tonight has my vote as the next potus thanks
when do we sue the company for billions that robbed us in creating the hapless obamacare website?
still waiting to hear from every day he dodges me is one less day that $5m is being used for charity
i am promising you a new legacy for america were going to create a new american future thank you ohio! imwithyou
we the people are making it quite clear donald is the peoples choice we want truthfulness
look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
remember china is not a friend of the united states!
video game violence and glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters!
rt im proud to be scottish but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w/ these windmills
is obama the worst president ever? top of the list!
wishing this moment to come thanks ill vote you dt2016 trum pm ypresident
today i announced a new executive order with re to north korea we must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of noko
now that adam schiff is starting to blame president obama for russian meddling in the election he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the democrats lead by their fearless leader crooked hillary clinton lost the 2016 election but wasn’t i a great candidate?
this boardroom gets crazy! these people are wild
thats why we need and want you to run for president
we must repeal obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive comprehensive affordable system debate maga
love seeing union and nonunion members alike are defecting to trump i will create jobs like no one else their dem leaders can’t compete!
we are going to win and make america great again maybe better than ever before!
the bernie sanders supporters are furious with the choice of tim kaine who represents the opposite of what bernie stands for philly fight?
my favorite building in chicago thanks
you have my vote donald
thank you very nice and true!
hes great!
just like its website obamacare is a disastermaybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their timeit will fail on its own!
rt video islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof and beats him to death!
while ill miss the celebrity apprentice season 15 i think its great that will try for the white house
plz run for president
homer simpson nominates to do the icebucketchallenge check out the video clip
the village offers a variety of 5 star dining experiences for everyday dining and catered affairs
bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the usa from the middle east which will mean jobs jobs jobs!
the amateur! first was caught bowing to the saudi king but now the president of mexico!
we’re worried about waterboarding as our enemy isis is beheading people and burning people alive time for us to wake up
so ready for another celebrityapprentice i love love that show!
there’s only one guy with the intellect balls and know how to fix this country…donald trump 2016
congrats to people of scotland on the judge’s ruling concerning bird killing land destroying environmentally disastrous windmills
the failing news outlet which i hear is losing lots of money is really dishonest!
clinton made a false ad about me where i was imitating a reporter groveling after he changed his story i would never mock disabled shame!
i hate those non food restaurants!graydons food sucks worst in town!
mustsee morning clip donald trump addresses lil wayne tweet and celebrity apprentice via
trump tower is open to the public
any american who fights with isis should have their passport revoked take them to gitmo for interrogation
please dont ever give up this country is in such a mess and needs a nonpolitician to fix it makeamericagreatagain
a record 4668m americans are now on food stamps four more years?
thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – donald trump
there will be no amnesty! makeamericagreatagain imwithyou
make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday it is a special time love and appreciate your family
is the only man who can get the job done in the oval office trump2016 i agree thanks
just finished being on any standard she was great!
it is trump!
is the best service provider
instinct has a lot to do with timing you have to be patient and wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move
trumpvlog why i cancelled the great debate
cspan/conversation with donald trump/economic club of washington dc
yes!! more people gonna vote waitingfortrump2016
dow sampp 500 and nasdaq all finished the day at new record highs!
i believe the james comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible totally illegal? very cowardly!
celebapprentice with three wonderful but fired contestants
i am speaking today at the national press club totally sold out and will then be inspecting the old post office on pennsylvania avenue!
my wife will be ontherecord w/ tonight at 7 pm e on enjoy!
donald he was a great iconic leader hoping you can be one for us in couple years too! trump2016 thank you
if the un unilaterally grants the palestinians statehood then the us should cut off all its funding actions have consequences
just out of curiosity what makes you care so much about what they think? i study cowards and stupid people
thank you mr and mrs for the wonderful and magical evening last night it will not be forgotten trump2016
angieapon i think you should try wearing your hair combed back it looked good when you slicked it back mr trump als may happen thx
presidentelect donald j trump nominates elaine chao as secretary of the department of transportation
having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge but still never underestimate knowledge!
you are what america needs right now we need a badass president that we can trust and knows how to lead
barbara unfortunately youve missed the entire point of my announcementyou just dont get it!
winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves – donald trump
a great event in las vegas nevada!
if you dont do your part dont blame god billy sunday
many great business campaigns at great way to support small upstarts
knows what hes talking about please dont give us another bush as president
i look forward to working w/ ds rs in congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st
my interview discussing why the fed shouldnt do a qe3 college records and 2012 election
nobody knows for sure that the republicans and democrats will be able to reach a deal on daca by february 8 but everyone will be tryingwith a big additional focus put on military strength and border security the dems have just learned that a shutdown is not the answer!
fox and friends at 700
if obamacare is so amazing then why is obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? makedclisten
if you’re sitting in an office working in a job you hate then it’s time to think big and plan your next step…
in todays trumpvlog the secret service and dick clark
“ love the sign!!! lol
four more days until the miss universe pageant be sure to tune in on monday night at 9 pm on nbcit will be an amazing show
youre a god damned genius trump i agree thanks!
in my book had a lousy doctor shoving a camera down her throat at her age something went really wrong that should not have!
sue them tom! trumpvlog
as always and due to popular demand will be open christmas eve and day as well as new years eve and day
“you have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone else” – albert einstein
the deplorables came back to haunt hillarythey expressed their feelings loud and clear she spent big money but in the end had no game!
thank you lake worth florida
when is not vacationing he is hosting his top donors in the white house always having a good time!
will be joining tonight at 8 pm e on enjoy!
congrats to on the success of the new smash show fantastic suspense great acting must see tv!
cruz and rubio are scared! watch gt
we call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in venezuela and we want it to happen very very soon!
how do you deal with idiots on daily basis? ignore them
why wont president obama use the term islamic terrorism? isnt it now after all of this time and so much death about time!
great playing this weekend you are a true winner we look forward to having you back to trump national doral
“invincibility lies in the defence the possibility of victory in the attack” sun tzu
your investment in the uk is welcome thanks for being you thank you!
i am always on the front page of the failing but when i won the gop nomination im in the back of the paper very dishonest!
via iowa evangelical leader says donald trump is bold and transparent
thats awesome! trump4president trump2016
i believe yod.c.ll your children are poised respectful and genuine good job thanks roxane!
thanks only the haters disagree!
the biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantagewarren b icahn kravis and this week john paulsonfor haters!
trumps national lead increases to 356 going into the third gop debate its trump carson and rubio …
ratted out his best friend in a ridiculous trial not nice! who is rooting for andy p?
has worst attendance record in senate rarely there to vote on a bill!
rt mrs sauciers son is in prison for having classified info on an unsecured device did far worse and is runnin…
isnt it sad that lightweight senator bob corker who couldnt get reelected in the great state of tennessee will now fight tax cuts plus!
the failing was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win now they are worse!
great job very entertaining segment with interesting observations and insights thanks!
thank you for being so fair this morning on appreciated
now i know that yahoo is in good hands it took great courage for to take away the right of employees to work at home
bring back? he is back!
looking forward to book of buseyisms!
rt us markets from election day {since 11/8/2016} 📈
the donald is in town find out why this morning
via “donald trump’s plan gets goahead”
trump 2016 you have my vote
tonight be sure to watch melania and ivanka on larry king live for a celebrity relief telethon
word is that ford motor because of my constant badgering at packed events is going to cancel their deal to go to mexico and stay in us
ed gillespie will be a great governor of virginia his opponent doesnt even show up to meetings/work and will be very weak on crime!
they had both interest and aptitude theyve done a terrific job
he admits his presidency has been flawedbut claims economy is stronger
trump helps lift small business confidence to 12yr high
a successful trump2016 bid would restore american exceptionalism entrepreneurship and leadership
you need to run for president and get this country back on the right track! trump 2016 thank you!
the people of scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines see press and journal
great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the this morning together we will maga!
i will be interviewed by tonight at 10 pm est on enjoy!
nothing like downtown chicago! great building and sign!
i agree modern family sucks!
i am now going to the brand new trump international hotel dc for a major statement
rt donald trump by mac miller will always be a hit i agree!
as a presidential candidate i have instructed my longtime doctor to issue within two weeks a full medical reportit will show perfection
“as long as you’re going to be thinking anyway think big” –donald trump the trump organization president
sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs
thanks sven and good luck
yes sir
to protect our country we must protect american steel! america first
i want to see college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application
via by “nyc mayor action against donald trump is ‘not the american way’”
the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar!
letterman begging me to go back on his low rated showcalls lotsmust apologize for racist comment
if you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful every change is a new opportunity to use your talent
a gallon of gas has more than doubled while has been potus and he still wont approve keystone
i would like to congratulate on having done a fantastic job both strategically and politically on the passing in the senate of the massive tax cut and reform bill i could have not asked for a better or more talented partner our team will go onto many more victories!
glad to hear will be hosting this years oscars something new that should be fun
what a shame is wasting money on when we have cps students in bldgs w/o ac
be sure to download my new the celebrity apprentice app to begin interacting with this sundays episode
the new edition of the apprentice will be on thursdays this fall at 10 pm etim putting people back to work!
from the desk of donald trump two new videos up at and
youre my dream candidate i hope your exploratory committee agrees if they dont you should fire them cute!
i love donald trump!!!! thanks
its about time we had a president who doesnt need to care about his money
look when you try to kill your momthats it for me no walking on water
why wont repeal the defense of marriage act if he supports gay marriage? he is gaming the issue
im scared for my future you should be!
the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary vince lombardi
donald trump for president! he has my vote come elections!
is a bad a$$ i could only be so lucky to have an amazing mentor like that in my life
new cbs national poll just out massive lead for trump the wall street journal/nbc poll is a total joke no wonder wsj is doing so badly!
if you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers then you haven’t spent enough time on it
fines and penalties against wells fargo bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped as has incorrectly been reported but will be pursued and if anything substantially increased i will cut regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating!
happy birthday to the best businessman in america! thank you
opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them be aggressive and seize them when they come
its thursday how much money did barack obama waste today on crony green energy projects?
christopher lane
the comedy central roast of donald trump last week was the 1 highest rated comedy central roast everit brought in 35 milion viewers
i will be interviewed on tonight at 8 00 pm enjoy!
bob iger of abc called valerie jarrett to let her know that “abc does not tolerate comments like those” made by roseanne barr gee he never called president donald j trump to apologize for the horrible statements made and said about me on abc maybe i just didn’t get the call?
the real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of washington? will these leaks be happening as i deal on nkorea etc?
donald its more important for to have your views than viceversa dont sweat it
has leverage must stay united and on message
jeff sessions a fitting selection for attorney general
i like the bachelor but is getting all the love on mondays! best of 2015 celebapprentice nbc
rt the media says the president should stop tweeting about russia well why dont the media take their own advice and s…
“donald trump to build trump towers complex in rio de janeiro” via hispanically speaking news
join me in florida this saturday at 5 pm for a rally at the orlandomelbourne international airport!tickets …
62 years ago this week a brave seamstress in montgomery alabama uttered one word that changed history
personally i think the letters should be higher up make sure everyone can see that name!
zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of selfdefense especially in florida law gave the jury little other choice
“donald trump takes on apple via
thank you iowa! fitn iacaucus makeamericagreatagain trump2016
you inspire me to keep going on every day
the failing is truly one of the worst news papers they knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check really bad people!
hope and change? job numbers down time for
in 5 minutes
amazing comeback by the heat your friends at your favorite golf club trump national doral are proud of you now for game 7!
“once you learn to quit it becomes a habit” vince lombardi
must see videoobamas criticism of is identical to carters on reagan
wow just saw an ad cruz is lying on so many levels there is nobody more against obamacare than me will repeal and replace he lies!
the obamacare website still is not complete $5 billion and no progress scary and sad!
still a buyers market home prices are dropping mortgages are low now is the time to take advantage for your gain
i told you so a long time ago iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run only the beginning! oil
cant wait! what a beautiful projectyoure amazing too ivanka ♥ so true!
a great masters the course looks so beautiful fantastic for golf and television ratings!
i totally respect that angelina jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger she has really come a long and positive way!
our country and our leaders are getting dumber all the time now they are about to release full documentation on torture will destroy cia
remember what i previously saidobama will someday attack iran in order to show how tough he is
i had a fun time doing the callmemaybe video featuring the contestants and
every trump property ive seen or played including courses and hotels redefines perfection great thank you
must read column by bob woodward explaining how obama pushed for sequestration and promised no tax increase
your children are great role models and you are a terrific dad xxx
praying that you have a productive day give god thanks he gave you the ability to succeed thank you
rest of gop only cries but trump gets stuff done
run donald run!
can please run for president just so i can watch him and debate goodtv
my birthdays jan 3 and celebapprentice returns jan 4 nice birthday present
correct me if im wrong but didnt you give charity 20k? yes 20k plus 100k for great cause!
donald megyn kelly seeks ratings not truth not much of a journalist stay focused and make your own narrative its working
the transpacific partnership is an attack on americas business it does not stop japans currency manipulation this is a bad deal
your country needs you~~donald trump~~ your about the only one in the world that can get us out of debt! thank you!
“the great revolt” by salena zito and brad todd does much to tell the story of our great election victory the forgotten men and women are forgotten no longer!
a very big thank you to bill donohue head of the catholic league for the wonderful interview on and article in news max! great insight
entrepreneurs use your imagination use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you
dishonest just called to say that none of the polls including fox nbc cnn zogby and morning consult matter serious haters
i had to fire general flynn because he lied to the vice president and the fbi he has pled guilty to those lies it is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful there was nothing to hide!
great speech on china by yesterday where he explains why china is treating like a doormat
waiting to hear you will run for president in 2016 watch
dine with the donald and mitt
rt aloha hawaii we would be honored to have your vote! find your caucus trumpwaikiki mahalo
see the attack very possibly could have been stopped we need real leadership and vision
rt watch on the stakes in this election debates2016
im leaving for iowa now will be great!
happy birthday to my friend
great interview yeah trump said iraq would be a disaster yrs back if not controlledhe was right
bloggers like mckay coppins and are true garbage with no credibility record setting crowds and speech not reported
johnny damon talks and working for celebapprentice
just watched jon stewart? jumping up and down and screaming like a madman nothing funny or smart just loud and obnoxious a pushy dope!
why is noone talking about the horrible murder of ana charle by excon thug west spruill gunned down on street naked why no riots here?
i cant wait til ur president the world will be a better place if i ran and won so true and thanks!
our native american senator goofy elizabeth warren couldn’t care less about the american worker…does nothing to help!
axl rose should take his rockhall2012 honors and be happy stop the no induction nonsense do it for your fans
be boldand powerful forces will come to your aid but you know this trump were waiting makeamericagreatagain
trump2016 please!
if youre interested in balancing work and pleasure stop! instead make your work more pleasurable donald trump
yes! im recently in love with all things trump!
via by “ on
someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday the election is over!
look what is happening to our country under the weak leadership of obama and people like crooked hillary clinton we are a divided nation!
in response to my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars very low debt great as… cont
thank you to for the great review of the speech on immigration last night thank you also to the great people of arizona!
youre the only person who could lead america and move our country forward!
have fun
love thanks for saying what we think
conflicting stances on birthright citizenship [14th amendment] gives teamtrump credit
just stated by a total pro you are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking
this sunday’s live finale of will be tough and nasty be sure to watch and fight to the finish!
if you hosted the late show you couldnt run for president trump2016 that is true!
will soon be heading to davos switzerland to tell the world how great america is and is doing our economy is now booming and with all i am doing will only get betterour country is finally winning again!
you are correct emmys were awful
obama just bought the afghan police $288m in ammo make no mistake some of these will be shot at our troops
do you believe this one secretary of state john kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change laughable
yep the man we need running the country thanks!
i will be doing fox and friends at 7 15 minutes enjoy it and your day!
brian dont try take trump on with your wit he got you beat hands down! brian is terrific
whats with this rap stuff with me and ebenezer scrooge?
people who have the ability to work should but with the government happy to send checks too many of them dont timetogettough
it was great to have governor of puertorico🇵🇷with us at the today we are with you! prstrong
if amnesty is so popular according to the dc ruling class then why is obama delaying his executive action until after the election?
“we have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy he’s also cont
club for growth letter trying to extort $100000000 from me remember i said no!
when people find out how bad a job scott walker has done in wi they won’t be voting for him massive deficit bad jobs forecast a mess
you would make this country great again if you ran for president no only if i wonthen it would be great again
surprise only happens when obama does something right you can expect no surprises true
for those asking the republicans only have 51 votes in the senate and they need 60 that is why we need to win more republicans in 2018 election! we can then be even tougher on crime and border and even better to our military and veterans!
the miss usa pageant will be amazing tonight to be politically incorrect the girls women are really beautiful nbc at 8 pm
donald trump is your man america he is the best!! vote for him! thank you!
i want to be just like when i grow up loveyoudonald trumpforpresident go for it!
thanks doris
my interview discussing obamas failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers
its not a great country now? no we are a laughing stock all over the worldbut we can come back big!
have you ever respectfully disagreed with someone? no!
trumpvlog my thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing
great visit to detroit church fantastic reception and all talks about is a small protest outside inside a large and wonderful crowd!
geraldo needs to shut tf up celebapprentice
anyone mentioned to that celebrity apprentice is a brilliant concept?celeb egos feed content masses eat it up!
immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicans—for the worse!
unemployment is down to 41 lowest in 17 years 15 million new jobs created since i took office highest stock market ever up $54 trill
trump to blast trade pact in radio ads
victory press conference was over why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? can i press charges?
will be on tomorrow with enjoy!
all i heard in the sotu was proposals for more govt more spending and more bureaucrats very bad!
obama!! is gonna knock to the ground on a debate he woildhave no chance lets go!
from 2 to 27 in texas quite a jump into first place!
has never once said that he didn’t ask for campaign contributions during the investigation
ill sign up too where? when? im ready
you were awesome at the rally it was exciting to see you two truly fantastic women!
and nelsonmandela both legends wow what a compliment
drew peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife bring back the death penalty!
rt great pic from a friend on who have been helping with harvey recovery and now with irma t…
okay great!
via by donald trump declares war on lying streethustlers of congress”
i gave millions of dollars to djt foundation raised or recieved millions more all of which is given to charity and media wont report!
“ ford is planning a $2500000000 investment in mexico!!!! the us is getting killed!
cannot report the news truthfully why not apologize for your fraudulent story on world news tonightgang members and criminals
rt trumps warns of obama tipping point that may destroy america via
thank you for your service!
i couldnt make the faith and freedom confab in orlando so i sent a video
while the fake news loves to talk about my socalled low approval rating just showed that my rating on dec 28 2017 was approximately the same as president obama on dec 28 2009 which was 47and this despite massive negative trump coverage and russia hoax!
mr trump calls it like it is hrc should be investigated prosecuted and put in federal prison
putin is having such a good time our president is making him look like the genius of all geniuses do not fearwe are a nation of potential
rt is debating crooked or the moderators and rattledhillary
dont worry getting rid of state lines which will promote competition will be in phase 2 and 3 of healthcare rollout
my son will be interviewed by tonight at 10 pm on enjoy!
what could be better than dinner with and me?
some good news for new york – weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls and that is before more of the pervert’s old texts are released
you have my vote!
the white house correspondents dinner was so boring this year i guess that’s because i didn’t attendeven
he should meet him and beat himbut that doesnt look like its going to happen
what happened to turn the other cheek? sorry not a believer!
politician didnt like that i said baltimore needs jobs and spirit its politicians like cardin that have destroyed baltimore
obamacare is a disaster we must repeal and replace tired of the lies and want to draintheswamp? get out and vote…
gopdebate trump2016
what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate 👑✨
aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great scottish golf club
please makè it a 100 chance youll run for president! i could make this country great again
things they did and said like giving the questions to the debate to h a total double standard! media as usual gave them a pass
for all of your faults whole lot of common sense coming from this twitter account thanks sort of!
young entrepreneurs – never back down take the hits and get up that’s what makes a winner
it will be greatthanks
the more frightening the world is the more safe we feel with president trump
i see you looking good! vancouver
i am so happy that people are boycotting macys
good luck to you will make a wonderful senator
i mean mark cuban is better with his money than you not even close dopey
trump would shape the debate and dialogue in a way no one else could
thank you america! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
i live right near the hill school in pa and i heard that once in awhile you visit the school great school
you have my vote 👋
brande would have been fired immediately if she didnt raise $132000 a really large sum bret on the other hand raised very little
is the white house big enough for donald trump? realclearpolitics
the book to read is time to get tough making america great again thanks
is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
today i signed an executive order on enforcing statutory prohibitions on federal control of education eo …
dear im starting to believe that youre actually going to win! trump2016 presidenttrump primary
no one did a broadway theme?! waiters in top hats and tails dancers kiss me kate cocktails celebrityapprentice
donald trump reads top ten financial tips on late show with david letterman very funny!
my idol hes the motivation
nice picture donald i can see where your great looks come from your parents did a great job! thanks
is so right with everything he is saying run please run for president
happy birthday tomorrow matt
as long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! alconv2017
i just arrived in miami where i will be checking out construction of the brand new trump national doral always closely watch construction!
your apprentice is so much better than ours in the uk youre so much better than alan sugar! thanks!
april is autism awareness month join me in raising awareness get your “light it up blue” sign here! liub
trump wins cnbc instant poll rubio second developing
“ the jewel in donald trump golfing crown” via by
obama is a terrible negotiator he bails out chrysler and now chrysler wants to send all jeep manufacturing to chinaand will!
just watched obviously tony is a total whack job
just got back from wisconsin great day great people!
miss universe top contender this year? y or n missuniverse
the cpac speech went really well this morning first speaker standing ovation i really enjoyed it
we should have a contest as to which of the networks plus cnn and not including fox is the most dishonest corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite president me they are all bad winner to receive the fake news trophy!
highest rated wine in virginia is the premier name in sophistication and quality
my daughter ivanka just arrived in south korea we cannot have a better or smarter person representing our country
trump would have my vote hands down
rt good afghanstrategy and excellent speech by laying it out to the nation
please dont tease us againrun in 2016please i never teasebut thanks!
wow! thank you louisville kentucky! votetrump on 3/5/2016! lets makeamericagreatagain!
the trump organization is going revolutionize rio de janeiro’s downtown port area with trump towers construction begins soon!
intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public one last shot at meare we living in nazi germany?
i registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license trump2016
trace and his team raised an amazing amount of $ looks like a good season for charities
i wonder how feels after last night’s love fest between obama and hilary on can’t be too happy
among abc cbs and nbc in the key news demo of adults
stand up and help us trump!!! please!!! someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office!
my warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible las vegas shooting god bless you!
good job for not being afraid to speak truth that is what people need to hear is truth
new reuters poll thank you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
be doing on the record with greta van susteren tonight at 10 pm greta is a terrific person who really gets it! fox
more anticatholic emails from team clinton
is a special player after winning the gold for the us in the olympics it looks like she will cont
a horrible day for newtown ct and our country yesterday my condolences to all of the families so tragically affected
republicans must stop listening to dopes like who still insists mitt romney won the last election think big and think strong!
get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change be persistent and alert every single day
alaska had a 200 plus increase in premiums under obamacare worst in the country deductibles high people angry! lisa m comes through
1988 with oprah discussing why i would never rule out a run for potus trump2016 votetrumpny primaryday
obama has called terrorists during this showdown it’s a shame he really doesn’t think it because then he would meet all demands
will the keystone xl pipeline finally be approved? will create over 100000 jobs and make us more energy independent
takes yuge hit on advertising revenues by screwing with rofl!
trumpvlog wasnt even a short term fix at the view
leaving now for tennessee big crowd!
“winners embrace hard work”
thanks great that you remember really nice
uranium deal to russia with clinton help and obama administration knowledge is the biggest story that fake media doesnt want to follow!
go republican senators go! get there after waiting for 7 years give america great healthcare!
governor rick scott of florida did really poorly on television this morning i hope he is ok
rt honored to speak at the rnc summer meeting in nashville tennessee this evening! maga 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
everyone loves here she is with and me
i am over career politicians we need someone who knows business in washington im rooting for you mr trump
wonderful the men who built america with me on tonight at 9 bad timing ill be live tweeting the debate
president obama just had a news conference but he doesnt have a clue our country is a divided crime scene and it will only get worse!
please please please run for president!!!
i just want to know how much is saudi arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction pay up now!
the trump organization finalizes purchase of legendary turnberry resort in scotland its absolutely…
join me in florida on wednesday! daytona and jacksonville daytona 3 pm 7 pm
sign is looking great!! pic attached thank you
noone has done more for people with disabilities than me i have spent many millions of dollars to help outand am happy to have done so!
it helped!
biggest mistake of 2014 was abc rehiring
did you tour one of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in martin howard thank you!
via doesnt release his original book proposal which says he was born in kenya?
boycott and make america great again!
china is so brazen that they now give us economic advicethey tell us what to domuch like a strong stockh… cont
70 of the chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago at least someone has done well under obama
bob costas is one of the smartest people ive interviewed cnn but you told me i was the smartest by far!
my friend derek is a special athlete and special personthere is nobody like him
and i are looking forward to visiting vancouver next week big announcement…
obama wanted to meet with the iranian president yet the iranians denied the request so much for hope and change
today it was my great honor to welcome president moon jaein of the republic of korea to the
i am going to save social security without any cuts i know where to get the money from nobody else does my speech
hi don what are your thoughts on teresa guidice???? a really nice personhopefully everything will work out
i have great confidence that china will properly deal with north korea if they are unable to do so the us with its allies will! usa
can you believe that the disrespect for our country our flag our anthem continues without penalty to the players the commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league players are the boss!
thank you maryland! trump2016
if you run for potus you will win! just think about that thank you
i will be on the tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show stay tuned!
trump hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victimswe love doing it!
“trump illegal immigrants are getting treated better than vets” via by
“recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs everyone is counting on you” – midas touch
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families our vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime and anywhere!
thank you to tom brady coach ditka coach bobby knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive!
“success is dependent on effort” sophocles
so if iran is going to take over the oil i say we take over the oil first by hammering out a costsharing plan with iraq timetogettough
iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal while it brazenly violates the other limitsamb
mexico will pay for the wall 100! makeamericagreatagain imwithyou
lets go america! get out and votetrump! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain! supertuesday
is totally lost he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign and not enough talking about americas future
will be doing fox and friends at 7 am 1 hour enjoy!
will be leaving for missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform so badly needed!
watch my appearances on good day ny and
music cues audience participation sounds like a very active team power celebapprentice
i would bet that we have many great american technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic obamacare website for zero dollars!
president obama should have gone to louisiana days ago instead of golfing too little too late!
in texas now leaving soon for big rally in florida!
numerous patriots will be coming to bedminster today as i continue to fill out the various positions necessary to make america great again!
via donald trump warns of ‘dangerous precedent’ in cyprus bank skimming
moral of this story guns when used correctly save lives! true!
do you think i made the right decision? celebapprentice
congratulations to dubai on winning the rights to host expo 2020! a great place winning a major global event
would you ever consider opening a hotel in london? id certainly stay yes!
one of the finest people i know and a former great mayor of nyc just took himself out of consideration for state
wall street journal and lots of others including television
“donald trump on fiscal cliff and obama” via
it was who promised if you like your plan you can keep your plan now obamacare is causing cont
via “trump politicians are all talk no action im the opposite”
hello mrtrump if you were to run for president to show these clowns how its done you already have my vote
mr trump i hope you will be running for president in 2016 obamas incompetence crippled america
spoiler has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of
cant wait for apprentice to start up again i have watched every season yourfired thanks
via cns news by “trump explains his appeal people are tiredof these incompetent politicians”
obama can strike a deal with the taliban but cant make a deal with congress
trump is right we are dealing with zealots animals and amateurs wake up no deal walk and walk fast
for the nonbeliever here is a photo of in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite
happy birthday to the donald it will take men like him to make the usa great again 2016 thanks
thanks jessica
in the heart of the city trump international toronto is the citys most elite property true luxury at its finest
may jobless numbers have been readjusted to 82 economy is a disaster new numbers tomorrow
cnn’s slogan is cnn the most trusted name in news everyone knows this is not true that this could in fact be a fraud on the american public there are many outlets that are far more trusted than fake news cnn their slogan should be cnn the least trusted name in news !
thank you northern mariana islands! supertuesday trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
ive waited to vote for since i was little i cant wait for 2016
negotiation tip know exactly what you want and focus on that trust your instincts even after youve honed your skills
in the interim hon robert wilkie of dod will serve as acting secretary i am thankful for dr david shulkin’s service to our country and to our great veterans!
i am actually excited for the weekend to be over so i can watch the celebrity apprentice! cant wait! enjoy!
drugs are pouring into this country if we have no border we have no country that’s why ice endorsed me debate bigleaguetruth
cant america wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country trumpforprez
isnt it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution
third gun linked to fast and furious identified at border agents murder scene when will the white house come clean?
you got my vote mr trump great!
people are finally beginning to hit china and opec they never give me credit for being the firstby farbut thats okay!
wow just announced that lyin ted and kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the republican nomination desperation!
a spacious hotel room is a rarity in nyc just one of the perks of staying dailydigs
join me in san jose california tomorrow evening at 7 pm ! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
ny state republican party must unify or november will be another disaster
my re the sequestration failure of leadership in dc china playing us and taking over in 2016
finally returns! rescues the winter tv schedule our house never misses it great!
we are with you mr trump we back you 100 percent
i am enjoying watching joan rivers on thanks for inviting her celebrityapprentice
we were let down by all of the democrats and a few republicans most republicans were loyal terrific and worked really hard we will return!
you are the most influential man in the world and is a close second after tonights game
reckless! has now increased the debt more than any other potus and the first 42 combined
is back—good news for plan b celebapprentice
there are 11 more solyndras in the energy program he loves to waste our cont
the safest way to preserve medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy we should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately
sadly i will no longer be doing at 7 00 am on mondays this is because i am running for president and law prohibits love!
interview w/ discussing my wh tour offer terrible ads and ashley judds candidacy
putin has shown the world what happens when america has weak leaders peace through strength!
be sure to watch my cpac2015 speech with intro by and a qampa with
our gdp has been growing less than 2 for the last 5 years obamacare will slow us down even more has to be repealed
if you want to conquer fear dont sit home and think about it go out and get busy dale carnegie
remember when donald trump blocked me im proud of myself no youre a loser!
i appreciate that you dont apologize when someone is offended by what you say makeamericagreatagain
lawyers have sent demand notice and necessary documentation
rt the current tax code is a burden on american taxpayers and harmful to american jobcreators learn more
is able to see through all the garbage in our society wish more had the ability
a majority of evangelicals believe is best equipped to save the country greta
donald trumps golf resort awarded fivestar status by scottish chiefs after us tycoon spends millions restoring historic mansion
dont be scaredwe will come back
will be interviewed on at 10 00 pm enjoy!
the reporter that called kevin durant mr unreliable should be fired or at least apologize he is a truly great player and a winner!
please save this country
read hes smartest man around a
wise words from my father “know everything you can about what you’re doing” fred c trump
just sat down for a great interview with in greenville today watch at 5 pm an amazing day in south carolina! votetrumpsc
nbc news just called it the great freeze coldest weather in years is our country still spending money on the global warming hoax?
you are the most negative person ive ever followed thank you!
tom ridge is a failed bushy and pa governor him and his friend shouldnt be allowed to do their bias commentary nobody listens!
trump links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $s and prestige to nyc!
ford said last week that it will expand in michigan and us instead of building a billion dollar plant in mexico thank you ford and fiat c!
gabriela isler beautiful thebest gabriela is doing a great job!
the wharton school of finance is the best!
russell has nothing going for himself except for energy and aggression without that he would be dead—a first class dummy!
your tweets make my day your awesome thanks!
if the election were based on total popular vote i would have campaigned in ny florida and california and won even bigger and more easily
awesome interview you are always honest with the american people thank you mr trump!!
great game against tennessee by the most unappreciated by the media quarterback in college football and no more tattoos!
i will be interviewed by tonight at 10 oclock on will be my first interview from the white house…
which is not read or respected by many may be the most dishonest of the media outlets and that is saying something
3rd rate writer vicky ward who begged me for help see her letters to me
watching the returns at 9 45 pm electionnight maga🇺🇸
i feel safer knowing men like are around thank you
wonderful news thanks
will be doing a big interview tonight with bret baier at 6 00 pm on fox dont miss it!
getting ready to make my speech at kansascaucus a great honor! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
watch my latest video blog
thanks la toya!
its 435 am and i am working on a very exciting and hopefully very good deal a major resort the harder i work the luckier i get!
will be our next president mark my words thanks for your nice words and thoughts!
good luck!
chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location yes its doing well! thanks
if trump runs in 2016 id vote for him!
now is the time for the to be united with the mission of electing this november stop with the public divisions
today is my birthday my wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again
i cant believe we are not asking south korea for anything they make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending themhow stupid!
do u have any idea when the new season of celebrityapprentice will be on? in the fall shooting now!
go for it!
china just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a us design we should offset the thievery from our debt
go vote and support at that sounds cool!!!
and lyin ted cruz are two politicians who are very much alike all talk and no action! both talk about isis do nothing!
you can definitely thank god for you health stamina strength and all the good things in your life! true!
you would rejuvenate the entire city of buffalo if you bought the bills and kept them in wny
simply amazing! thank you
why did hillary get to skate past the do black lives matter anderson let her off hook!
mexico whose laws on immigration are very tough must stop people from going through mexico and into the us we may make this a condition of the new nafta agreement our country cannot accept what is happening! also we must get wall funding fast
china is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against iranian sanctions
their country the us doesnt tax them or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the south china sea? i dont think so!
geraldo is an egotistical selfcentered pain! strong competitor and makes for a good show someonepunchgeraldo
one of the tallest office buildings in downtown nyc 40 wall street is a classic art deco building
on our youtube channel the opening of the incredible trump ocean club in panama
my ties shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautifulthe bestavailable at macys!
will be having meetings and working the phones from the winter white house in florida maralago stock market hit new record high yesterday $55 trillion gain since e many companies coming back to the us military building up and getting very strong
donaldtrump he would be a leader because he is used to being the boss wont be bought like politicians either
president obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist 70 of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction dnc
if scotland doesn’t stop insane policy of obsolete bird killing wind turbines country will be destroyed
lyin ted cruz consistently said that he will and must win indiana if he doesnt he should drop out of the racestop wasting time and money
starting next week the show increases to 2 hours
senator sanders spent more than yet lost
trumpforpresident presidenttrump
trumpvlog quarantine the nurse!
“special council is told to find crimes whether a crime exists or not i was opposed to the selection of mueller to be special council i am still opposed to it i think president trump was right when he said there never should have been a special council appointed because
you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but im waiting for the tweet of all tweets trump2016 thank you
hey i love he is a man that commands authority thank you!
the event featured a performance by celebapprentice a great event for a great cause! watch
the polls show that i picked up many jeb bush supporters that is how i got to 46 when others drop out i will pick up more sad but true
a great job by in winning the players yesterday finally your jealous critics can go to hell! good luck at the us open
i just want to buy my bills! perfect man for the perfect club nflcommish
just updated voter registration in fl votetrump
nyprimary turned trump from frontrunner into presumptive gop nominee
all new starts right now!
video from michigan last night after asking for months the media panned their cameras!
achievers go for the challenge so the next deal is what theyre thinking about they have an obligation to best themselves
listen to my interview with tonight at 10 pm et on
by the way — you will not want to miss phonegate next week on celebapprentice thats all were gonna say
“in every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten
thanks great building!
hypocrite! in 06 called private equity the best opportunity for longterm economic vitality
great going to all of dubai in winning what will be a fantastic expo2020 we will all be there!
wow! such nice words from robert redford on my running for president thank you robert
speak to vince
the best thanks
a drug free arod is just an average baseball player will soon move him down in the batting order and should renegotiate his contract
had a great time going over renovations for trump national doral this past weekend it is going to be amazing
we have had many championship teams recently at the white house including the chicago cubs houston astros pittsburgh penguins new england patriots alabama and clemson national champions and many others national anthem and more great music today at 3 00 pm
im voting for to b president of the world n clean up this mess were in!!! and we are truly in a mess!
your books doing well in the uk mate thanks
refloating the costa concordia for many hundreds of millions of $s is ridiculous should have taken it apart in small pieces save fortune
couldn’t be elected dog catcher if he ran again—so he didn’t!
is a low energy stiff who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls has no chance!
a great evening in springfield illinois thank you for all of the support! trump2016
one who fears failure limits his activities failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again henry ford
why dont you buy your own team? youll be the best owner ever! thanks
democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great state of pennsylvania this is very unfair to republicans and to our country as a whole must be appealed to the united states supreme court asap!
see when i said nato was obsolete because of no terrorism protection they made the change without giving me credit
cop was unarmed watch the news
for those asking my son makes zero $$ running his charity and raises a great deal of $$ all of it for
your civil liberties mean nothing if youre dead thats why the single most important function of the federal cont
makeamericagreatagain trump2016life changing experiencevideo
the networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—“a ratings machine”—but because of apprentice have been loyal to nbc
huff post his early morning speech drew a large crowd far larger than remarks at the same time on thursday and packed by end! the facts
via “trump reveals routing for second course in scotland”
who knows?
rep lou barletta a great republican from pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters will make a fantastic senator he is strong and smart loves pennsylvania and loves our country! voted for tax cuts unlike bob casey who listened to tax hikers pelosi and schumer!
hello
i usually agree with you not tonight stop criticizing the presidenti will when he makes good decisions
and the irish love trump!
also the donald j trump signature mattress from serta is doing record businesscall serta and see why!
flashbackfriday many big movies have filmed in my buildings here is in transformers 3
networks are all wanting me to do shows—like it or not a “ratings machine”! –but time i run a really big company!
hillary flunky who lost big for the 100th time i never mocked a disabled reporter would never do that but simply showed him
i will be on greta tonight at 10 pm on fox news
piers morgan inserts himself into donald trump vs russell brand feud video
keep fighting frank! never give up!
but if we had a republican president you would say the exact opposite right? wrong!
hillary clinton didnt go to louisiana and now she didnt go to mexico she doesnt have the drive or stamina to make america great again!
why didnt movie lincoln use fords theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater?
governor rick perry said donald trump is one of the most talented people running for the presidency ive ever seen thank you rick!
gas prices are about to hit a record high during the labor day weekend could have stopped this
great interview with greta! america has lost incentive! thanks and true
going to south carolina now great place sro crowd iowa was amazing yesterday!
honored to receive an endorsement from thank you! together we are going to make america safe and great ag…
may god have mercy upon my enemies because i wont general george s patton
thank you for joining us on this solemn day of remembrance we are gathered here on the sacred soil of cemetery to honor the lives and deeds of americas greatest heroes the men and women who laid down their lives for our freedom memorialday
“it’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the trump campaign” judge andrew napolitano
the fed should not do qe3 neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity
i am in iowa watching all of these phony tv ads by the other candidates all bull politicians are all talk and no actionit wont happen!
what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard and follow it
under bain had an 80 success rate with annual returns of over 50 under america has added over $6t in debt
china has announced it is “fully prepared” for a currency war outrageous they have no fear of our leaders
rt thank you to all who participated in todays discussion on opioid abuse by talking about it we can start to make a real diffe…
carl keep lt going i have a lot of apple stock push them to quickly come out with a larger screen for the iphone samsung
talkers think about the future doers are already building it votetrump2016
rt grateful syrians react to strike ill name my son donald syrianstrikes
it is an exciting time for our country! weeklyaddress confirmgorsuch
has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
i follow in hopes hell drop some knowledge thatll make me as rich as him
great bilateral meetings at élysée palace w/ president the friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable
our great team at is prepared for hurricanenate everyone in la ms al and fl please listen to your local authorities and be safe!
americas trade deficit with china is one of our greatest national security threats time for fair trade we must produce our own products
obama told that egypt is no longer an ally they used to be until he pushed out mubarak
great night in iowa special people thank you!
new job numbers once again show no growth or recovery unemployment has been over 8 for 41 straight monthsnow up to 83
the returns to on march 6th watch top golfers of the world battle the blue monster!
dopey mort zuckerman owner of the worthless has a major inferiority complex paper will close soon!
great enjoy the hotel
this man is our everyting!!!
many of hillary’s donors are the same donors as jeb bush’s—all rich will have total control—know them well
“successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity” reed markham
how much tax money it will cost americans when obama legalizes 25 million illegal aliensampgives them free obamacare
it felt like a moment of silence when u said doesnt play! powerful interview👍👍 trump2016
if we let crooked run the govt history will remember 2017 as the year america lost its independence draintheswamp
when warren buffett and others play w/ bankruptcy nobody cares—when trump plays the game it becomes a big deal!
meeting with african american pastors at trump tower was amazing wonderful news conference followed now off to georgia for big speech!
“don’t be afraid of mistakes they can be learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself” think like a champion
when i look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates beware the candidates are mere puppets $$$$!
our new allies in egypt the muslim brotherhood have close relations with iran we never should have abandoned mubarak
obamacare is clearly unconstitutional hopefully the usc rules correctly but in the end repealing obamacare requires a political solution
wow just came out on secret tape that crooked hillary wants to take in as many syrians as possible we cannot let this happen isis!
i cant get over after all of the buildup what a terrible game that wasthe worst super bowl in history the advertisers must be furious!
great job on the turnberry resort donald! in scotland which i saw this week while in scotland thanks
surprised signed michael vick yesterday to be their 2013 qb vick is talented but brittle and probably wont last long
i dont always agree with you but i must say you do know how to inspire thank you
vote donald trump for president!!!!!!!!!!
and it will get even better with tax cuts!
all the hotels currently open in the trump hotel collection have been nominated for travel leisures worlds best awards 2011
caryl m stern ceo is driving around in a rolls royce
the habitual vacationer 9 days before the critical super committee deadline traveling he failed to lead again
we will never have great national security in the age of computers too many brilliant nerds can break codes the old days were better
does not include the fake washington post which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so register if the po “increased its parcel rates amazon’s shipping costs would rise by $26 billion” this post office scam must stop amazon must pay real costs and taxes now!
“if you put the federal government in charge of the sahara desert in 5 years thered be a shortage of sand” – milton friedman
we have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers timetogettough
it was great seeing and yesterday
is a nice guy but not presidential material wisconsin is in turmoil borrowing to the hilt and doing poorly in jobs etc
you fired the right woman tonight kenya and brandi each must go the lowest of the low
wow just won missouri!
i am watching very little lately because they are so biased against me shows are predictable garbage! cnn and msm is one big lie!
am now in la will be going to the uss iowa at 5 30 pm to speak to our great veterans and other friends!
i realize what a mess were in by watching i read tweetslike a breath of fresh airthanks
you need to run for president your takenobs attitude is what we need in this country!
is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her great on the military border security and crime loves and works hard for the people of tennessee she has my full endorsement and i will be there to campaign with her!
really hard to help but many have lost their homes military is now on site and i will be there tuesday wish press would treat fairly!
is the best in business nodaysoff right up there!
if united steelworkers 1999 was any good they would have kept those jobs in indiana spend more time workingless time talking reduce dues
wonderful job on the record! i think you are tops!
let trump speak he is only saying what the rest of us including you already know illegals are a huge problem!
it amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than i brought them the biggest ratings in history and i get zip!
when the other candidates are talking politics trump is talking solutions he is the most talented candidate
but a bad one!
spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday very impressed great people!
major story that the dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the trump we are going to win!
i said when trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earthwhen he winsall americans will be trump16
sen and w/ demand congress live by your laws
courage big boss always!
in the coming months and years ahead i look forward to building an even stronger relationship between the united states and china 🇺🇸🇨🇳
china is threatening washington over the currency bill we should pass it immediately
i am officially running for president of the united states makeamericagreatagain
when your life flashes before your eyes make sure youve got plenty to watch anonymous
should the reporters dishonesty be shielded from ridicule?
they were rising in the 1950s then went back downthey will go up and down through eternity
thank you for supporting american values thats easy!
bush and obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in america!
just announced that in the history of last night’s debate was its highest rated ever will they send me flowers and a thank you note?
obamacare will destroy small businessthe backbone of americas economy
the big loss yesterday for israel in the united nations will make it much harder to negotiate peacetoo bad but we will get it done anyway!
here we go! i stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from west africa now we have ebola in us and it will only get worse!
without absolutely owning the liberal media hillaryclinton wouldnt stand a chance voterfraud and msm her only hope
rt trump set to promote youth sports wants such activities to be more accessible to economically disadvantaged children htt…
the other candidates are scared trump tells it like it is maybe rich but talks like he is an everyday joe
right now i would vote for for president
iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out
you guys need to have on every week!
i am very proud of my friend despite her recent lossshe gracefully performs in the upcoming allstar
“never give up on yourself” – think big
trump is a great man and is fighting for we the people!
happy thanksgiving your country is starting to do really well jobs coming back highest stock market ever military getting really strong we will build the wall va taking care of our vets great supreme court justice record cut in regs lowest unemployment in 17 years!
think ms fox outclasses both of them justamatteroftime
do as i say not as i do obama just granted a special obamacare exemption for all congress all are hypocrites!
denver minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record what are the global warming geniuses saying about this?
there is no question that voterfraud did take place and in favor of corrupthillary !
michigan gop poll 2/24/2016 trump 355 rubio 150 cruz 143 kasich 128 carson 83 wow!
should be careful questioning on diplomacyhow many times has obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
joe scarborough initially endorsed jeb bush and jeb crashed then john kasich and that didnt work not much power or insight!
ill be signing copies of my new book time to get tough tomorrow in trump tower11 am to 2 pm hope to see you there
my interview this morning on good morning america with george stephanopoulos
but is physically weak he has no clubhead speed or game!
its important that we help poor people to become independent selfsufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work timetogettough
via trump to speak to gop
what is your opinion on tebow? was destroyed at jetsgreat guyshould have gone to jacksonville!
donald trump would be the greatest president thank you
my trumptuesday interview discussing how can win the first debate and the last 35 days
he that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else benjamin franklin
donald trump is the only person that can make this country great again i fully agree!
just leaving miami for houston oklahoma and colorado miami crowd was fantastic!
rt friends in fl oh nc il and mo we would be honored to have your vote! supertuesday letsdothis makeamericagreatagain t…
this is the simple fact about she is a typical politician all talk no action debates2016
very smart man id vote 4 u mr trump 👑🌹💋🇺🇸 thanks
expensive mistake! the united states is open for business
i was the first and only potential gop candidate to state there will be no cuts to social security medicare and medicaid huckabee copied me
puerto rico is devastated phone system electric grid many roads gone fema and first responders are amazing governor said great job!
isn’t it interesting that now that i’m 1 in the polls the networks show polls that are a month old!
in the last 2 weeks i had $35m of negative ads against me in florida and i won in a massive landslidethe establishment should save their $$!
and knew they were in big trouble which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minutethey saw a movement like never before
cecily also has a trump impression snl
the donald fired three people this past episode 😱 thats why hes the best! celebrityapprentice
watch my latest appearance on squawk box
“donald trump’s miss usa pageant scores $5 million legal victory following rigged claims” via
he should have fired vivicia right away shes trash
has makings of iconic landmark ericksondesigned highrise via
you are the man! you are the only one of substance! u r real deal never bull or hot air makeamerciagreatagain!
icymi john podesta’s brother pocketed $180000 from putin’s uranium company
rt wow! i am speechless! thank you to my sidekick who keeps me and the in line!
gov gary johnson pulling votes from waste your vote obama must go!
california gas prices going thru the roof others to follow an electionlosing event for obama
149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of edwardian tradition and timeless design
the fake news networks those that knowingly have a sick and biased agenda are worried about the competition and quality of sinclair broadcast the “fakers” at cnn nbc abc and cbs have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
yes donald right againbut they had givem hell harry for presnot pres tweedledum and the nanny congress!
now is telling donors he will need to revisit healthcare in his 2nd term
tbt saturday night live
will get things done for america
must read editorial via obamacares bitter irony it may increase number of uninsured
lyin ted cruz just used a picture of melania from a gq shoot in his ad be careful lyin ted or i will spill the beans on your wife!
monday morning 7 30 am ill be on tune in!
rt the scrum video emerges to suggest wapo reporter ben terris misidentifies lewandowski in fields incident breitbart htt…
2/2 david brilliantly tells it like it is the real deal! read it!
washington should have brought in strasburg to relieve they would have won
when will the democrats give us our attorney general and rest of cabinet! they should be ashamed of themselves! no wonder dc doesnt work!
will be in orlando florida this afternoon 25000 people expected this is a movement like our great country has never seen before!
i have that many trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me i have what it takes thanks
i was on cnn last night with
fox news pollthank you new hampshire! fitn trump2016
trump completes his takeover of turnberry and puts his own stamp on it full story in tomorrows carrick gazette great
congratulations to on the immediate and tremendous success of his book ‘special heart’ already in its third printing!
setup is underway rally in madison msprimary thank you!
doesnt mention apprentice because his ego wont let him its why he failed originally and will fail again
for pres 2016 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
thanks eric
for president!
following was probably my best decision bear thanks
2016 for president yes!!!
i am a woman who continues to support and stand with trump! dtmag thank you
by not doing the failed poorly rated debate i was able to make the point of not allowing unfairness while raising $6000000 for vets
i win awards for speakingbut the enemies either wont comment or will say only badleave clint alone!
via “trump is right illegal alien crime is staggering in scope and savagery”
watch – obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty
rt get ready fans! promises plenty of mean and nasty action
why did give so much time to sell his third rate book bill should have hit stammering david much harder! waste
if runs for president my pride as an american will never be stronger trumpforpresident trump2016
i’ll bet obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling
politicians have very little real knowledge and instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff its timetogettough
rt i never did a days work in my life it was all fun thomas a edison
i think you could have directed a better oscars mr trump oscars much better!
i have not met but his song donald trump has had over 40 milion hits maybe he should pay me somethiing
the appointment of the special councel is totally unconstitutional! despite that we play the game because i unlike the democrats have done nothing wrong!
from canada to goldman sachs to the kitchen sink trump has picked cruz apart for 2 weeks
these crimes wont be happening if im elected potus killer should have never been here americafirst
celebapprentice missing less humor in life now!
i saw the ground breaking ceremony for your dc building it was you and ivanka
watched lowell mass speech awesome great crowd make america great again!!!!!!
please rt? very sick 8 year old british girl with rare cancer needs help to get more treatment
whats holding you back from running for president? live and die for your beliefs stay tuned!
trump intl golf links ireland in county clare fronts the atlantic ocean and is 1 resort in europe/conde nast traveler
amazing survived one more day without folding the clock is ticking
to aspiring entrepreneurs be ready for problems youll have them every day so remember to look at the solutionnot the problem
i agree on both counts!
the top leadership and investigators of the fbi and the justice department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of democrats and against republicans something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago rank and file are great people!
getting ready to go to the great state of michigan big crowd tonight make america great again!
have you ever seen trump national/bedminster or trump international golf links in scotland both far better than pinehurst!
there is no substitute for private sector experience
why didnt obama as part of the negotiation free the christian pastor saeed abedini?
“perception about india has changed says donald trump” via by kailash babar
its pathetic for and to bash as nonserious! talkers bashing a successful doer!
celebapprentice celbrityapprentice loved your choice for winner this season! awesome job! xoxo!
thank you to kenstarr former independent counsel whitewater for your insight and powerful words on fisa abuse russian meddling etc really great interview with
“much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation” – the art of the deal
theremembranceproject
hi dont know why it took me so long to follow youwelcome to ireland looking forward to visit your new golf club
another one of me on stage wwehof
the is so dishonest their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by rowanne brewer who said it was a lie!
i love what is doing
if mr trump runs for president we will vote👍
celebrated for its room views by soars a luxurious 92 stories over the windy city
why would the people of florida vote for marco rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their senator and then quit!
i agree it is the only phone company that doesnt give u service in central louisiana
big second amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sickos are fine
i am watching the nfl draft will be interesting! a lot of talent but only a few will become stars
i wonder if and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight no matter how well i do bad!
the greatest compliment of allthanks!
wayne such a pleasant surpriseso nice thank you very much
george will was critical of throughout the primary maybe it is because his wife was turned down for cont
my wife and my children will be featured on with 7 pm e enjoy! meetthetrumps trump2016
launching the trump home by dorya furniture collection today it looks amazing!
is the one to beat on celebapprentice
mr do you have any advice for a young entrepreneur? yes come up with a great idea and work your ass off!
liberal sd dem candidate rick weiland wants to expand obamacare to single payer and opposes ebola travel ban send to senate!
1 be passionateyou have to love what youre doing to be successful at it
mr trump i have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life im literally hanging on your every word
that segment was awesome on all sides great start for my day thanks
teamtrump is thinking of captain andrew maitner a true american hero maitnerstrong
hey i walked into the lobby of trump soho by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc thanks!
via miss usa olivia culpo is crowned miss universe ratings increase 15 over last year
congratulations on being named a “great east coast hotels for teens and families” by
is not a professional liar like politicians i was watching cruz but donald also has my attention now
all we can say is wow! what would you say? aberdeenshire
wharton baby!
in the end andy pettitte did not rat out his friend roger clemens i like him again a lot
looking forward to touring the world headquarters tomorrow! one of the top gun manufacturers in the us! gunrights tcot
a shame that got fired from the celebapprentice! would like to see him come back! he will!
trump is unstoppable 🚀 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 thank you
join us via our new americafirst app! trumppence16
with luis mexico and the united states would have made wonderful deals together where both mexico and the us would have benefitted
cant wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see donald trump there today topnotch thanks
vote for maralago
we are on course of imploding as the once great roman empire did
mr trump i have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life and you would be a great prez!
once again tweets nonsense about she needs to stop tweeting and start worrying about some of her many problems
election is being rigged by the media in a coordinated effort with the clinton campaign by putting stories that never happened into news !
stop calling my office to do your show i have more important things to do with my time nobodys watching you!
get ready for some excitementthe live finale of the celebrity apprentice is on this sunday night dont miss it!
i will be interviewed by tonight on at 11 pm enjoy!
everyone i know in western new york wants to be the bills next owner
threatening phone calls from obama supporters are being made to the michigan gop office dont be intimidated!
flashback hillary clinton praised former kkk member robert byrd as friend and mentor
icymi the als icebucketchallenge that trumps them all
via by “trump obama blew chance to free us pastor”
ted cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in sc he is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration
i convince my teachers daily why you should run for president 💁
revise your decision to quitgo back and fight
gary as the cat in the hat? he can work it out
in case you missed it last weeks interview with discussing tiger woods and much more
rt has a paytoplay problem just like crooked vpdebates bigleaguetruth
looking forward to taking on the monster soon!!! so what is the donalds best on it?? exciting looking course!!
have to do an essay on a hero definitely picking perfect idol very nicegood luck!
with zero democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous obamacare as the dems legacy the republican senators are working hard!
americas labor market continues to boom jobs jobs jobs!
nevada we are on our way! votetrumpnv trump2016 caucus locator
mr for president 2016!
listening to interview on replay of savage nation go donald trump !!!!! thanks
apple meant for their phones to go to people who have super sight and abnormally tiny fingers for texting
the ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing came into contact with over 100 peoplehere we goi told you so!
funny how all of the pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on north korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
entrepreneurs absorb assess and then act dont negate your own power whatever youve been dealt know you can deal with it
lynne ryan just read your great story in the ny times i am proud of you thanks!
too much talk not enough action stand for the national anthem
stimulus will fail just like the first
send it to me in new york doug! thanks
to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system timetogettough
i only require four hours of sleep per night
asians are very offended that jeb said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics a mess!
donald trump will end poverty!
under a trump administration its called americafirst! imwithyou
one of the best hotel stays ive ever had in the world superb all around! bravo chicagosbest
thats the greatest smile ever president trump
the one who will put american first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness
of course i dofor good of country!
this was sent out from ted cruz as iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote cruzfraud
cant wait to watch trump for president saturday night live
they also kill thousands of birds here in ca
just left the g7summit had great meetings on everything especially on trade where
that is for sure !! congrats on your appearance at rlc2014 in new orleans trump 2016 thanks
under obama iran has taken over iraq al qaeda has taken over libya the muslim brotherhood now controls egypt worst foreign policy ever
it is time to draintheswamp!
irans threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil opec is ripping us off while watches
product integration is very important celebapprentice
here are my thoughts on last nights episode of the celebrity apprentice
cindy adams has a great report on the dark knight rises premiere
trump2016 or im moving out of the us you sound very smart!
thank you roseanne very much appreciated
get out to vote on 11/8/2016 and we will draintheswamp!rasmussen national trump 43clinton 41
thank you adam levine the federalist in interview on “donald trump is the greatest president our country has ever seen”
thanks for letting me use your sketch tonight on youre pencilcasso!
daca is probably dead because the democrats don’t really want it they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our military
eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against scott stringer he can’t spin his failing and contemptible public record
just in a jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyer’s remorse lawsuit against me in ft lauderdale
rt my next project is pretty amazing…!xx ivanka
rt fox news exclusive president trump seriously considering a pardon for exsheriff joe arpaio
no one else brings the passion conviction experience that you have your message is resonating w america! im excited
rn for 27 yrs veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients thnx for speaking truth
obamacare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for the people do not worry!
he brought them on himself!
republicans are now leading the generic poll perhaps because of the popular tax cuts which the dems want to take away actually they want to raise you taxes substantially also they want to do nothing on daca r’s want to fix!
stop interrupting trumppleasehe is correct on everything
celebrity apprentice on in 5 minutes on cnbc its great!
today we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another or from one party to another – but we are transferring
cant wait for the golf course at ferry point in the bronx to open! excited it will be great!
for reasons only they can explain the wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better
waiting on that 6/16 announcement please dont disappoint me ☺ stay tuned
hillary clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years time for a change i will solve and fast!
such a beautiful map thank you!
our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
kimberly g hosted greta last nightsamp told the truth about trump!
good luck to my new friends on your testimony in dc you are amazing people doing something so important stopping illegal immigration!
nations immigration and customs enforcement officers ice make firstever presidential endorsement
dont let the jackals in the media trip u up their getting desperate
crooked hillary is being badly criticized for a wall street paid for ad by politifact for a false ad on me on women she is a total fraud!
wow 25 degrees below zero record cold and snow spell global warming anyone?
trump 2016!!! rocked it on gop president2016 thank you
named my first born son after hope he lives up to the name! he will be a total winner!
even though bernie sanders has lost his energy and his strength i dont believe that his supporters will let crooked hillary off the hook!
i want to thank steve bannon for his service he came to the campaign during my run against crooked hillary clinton it was great! thanks s
ross perot had the right idea but not your brains or balls mr trump
still looking to give away a record $1m reward on for a crowd funding campaign
so wonderful to be in las vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who i will never forget!
amnesty is suicide for republicansnot one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote republicanobama is laughing at
great reminderthanks
today the house took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the stop school violence act we must put the safety of americas children first by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools a tragedy like parkland cant happen ever again!
always my role model thank you
i received calls from the president of mexico and the prime minister of canada asking to renegotiate nafta rather than terminate i agreed
“sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward”
i dont think ted cruz can even run for president until he can assure republican voters that being born in canada is not a problem doubt!
“to succeed one must be creative and persistent” john h johnson
democrats are holding our military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration can’t let that happen!
very little reporting about the great gdp numbers announced yesterday 30 despite the big hurricane hits best consecutive qs in years!
an honor to host the annual easter egg roll!
kate middleton is greatbut she shouldnt be sunbathing in the nudeonly herself to blame
before star jones begged me to put her on the apprentice she was “professionally dead” i saved her tiny
tp teleprompter president when will we stop electing presidents whose singular most important quality is reading a tp
be sure to tune in and watch donald trump on late night with david letterman as he presents the top ten list tonight!
shame on megyntrump has more exp than all the candidates combinedhes the only 1 2 turn this thing around true!
im holding off on forming an opinion on the ukraine situation until i hear what donald trump has to say about it very smart!
trump 2016
this george zimmerman is really a mess he really has to just disappear! he attacked his wife last night
just leaving nashville tennessee had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! love nashville back soon!
mr trump please treat turnberry gc with respect hearing about the lighthouse and your plansits iconic i will!
4 president 2016
read about my speech in morning score
wow great ohio poll shows me leading by 5 points beating k!
entrepreneurs cover your bases know everything you can about what youre doing then go with your gut your instincts r there for a reason
is it the same kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while governor of virginia and didnt get indicted while bob m did?
thank you nevada! americafirst makeamericagreatagain
briarcliff manor mayor vescio is doing a terrible job taxes way too high roads in terrible condition—repave pine road
what will be the response on wednesday? if obama doesnt take the 5 million dollars for charity
look where the world is today a total mess and isis is still running around wild i can fix it fast hillary has no chance!
michael morell the lightweight former acting director of cia and a man who has made serious bad calls is a total clinton flunky!
believes trump turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world true easy
leaving the white house for the great state of north carolina big progress being made on many fronts!
wow my campaign is hearing from more and more bernie supporters that they will never support crooked hillary she sold them out vp pick!
im convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the nonsuccessful ones is pure perseverancesteve jobs
you have abandoned israel and engaged the muslim brotherhood and even the arab world does not like it
i am in toronto checking the great trump international hotel highest rated hotel in canada it is a beauty!
watching the show wwehof
yesterday on the same day i had meetings with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov and the fm of ukraine pavlo…
always borrow money from a pessimist because he will never expect it to be paid back!
thank you biloxi mississippi! remember this night and spread the word to get out and votetrump2016!
it was an honor to host our american heroes from the soldierridedc at the today with
i said this last year but ill say it again should be president this man knows his shit!
to do the apprentice but i approved you anyway without my show you’d be nothing!
my interview with discussing why i endorsed and why he will make a great president
not a bad idea im in a magnanimous mood
cant wait to see you in the oval office! make america great again!
terrorism immigration and national security speech transcript
you made joan rivers very happy when u rightfully chose her to win apprentice
hillary clinton just lost every republican she ever had including never trump all farmers and sm biz by saying she’ll tax estates at 65
thank you pennsylvania! makeamericagreatagain
the super liberal democrat in the georgia congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
join me tomorrow in michigan!grand rapids at 12 pm at 3 pm
thank you new hampshire! great people see you next week!
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! americafirst
“life is difficult no matter what but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier” – think like a billionaire
i just finished reading crippled america its a detailed blueprint to get america back on track
via donald trump to get more cpac time than marco rubio knows how to prioritize!
hillary clinton said that it is ok to ban muslims from israel by building a wall but not ok to do so in the us we must be vigilant!
why does the federal government send foreign aid to china? unbelievable! washington is financing americas de… cont
on with at 11 30 pm enjoy!
announce youre running already! we need you! trump2016 i agree our country is dying!
congratulations to on your forbes fivestar ratings
the country of georgia is a small wonder performing well economically under the leadership of a great american ally
vs for the white house would make for awesome debates! i agree!
rt “job openings hit record high of 66 million”
one thing i truly admire about trumphe is very loyal and supportive of his friends he also says it like is
we are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decadesmost people never remember anything like this global warming anyone?
from the wall street journal google steps into autism research re
honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them
it is time to take care of our country to rebuild our communities and to protect our great american workers! taxreform
gary busey cracks me up! he definitely has a different outlook on life! thanks for the apprentice! nice
got your message loud and clear we have fantastic people on the ground got there long before harvey so far so good!
great just reported on that many people who supported are now supporting me i knew that would happen pundits didnt!
america is a nation that believes in the power of redemption america is a nation that believes in second chances and america is a nation that believes that the best is always yet to come! prisonreform
you have my support 100 i hope you run 2016
we have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers cont
sexual assault and rape in the armed forces is a massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything aboutthe big dark secret!
thx for the nice story look forward to showing you trump int’l in aberdeen in the spring and turnberry plans
should have gone after the oil years ago like i have been saying
melania and i extend our warmest greetings to those observing rosh hashanah here in the united states in israel and around the world
thank you indiana! trump2016
obamas new campaign ad defends solyndra i guess losing $500m is a cause for celebration for
looks like plan b is stuck with the mechanical dog has latched on and won’t let go celebapprentice
“a people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both” dwight d eisenhower
via by will folks “’the donald’ rebukes obamatrade”
trump is as honest as they come he wants a border and doesnt hide it trumpforpresident
please dont as i do love ny like you doyour not a governoryour a president cute!
chicago had the coldest four months since 1872 dec 1st to mar 31st avg temp was 22f
this sunday’s allstar celebrity has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w/ and together!
no other gop candidate has potential to win ohio and pennsylvaniathus the presidency except jobs
has announced he is running for the senate from the wonderful state of utah he will make a great senator and worthy successor to and has my full support and endorsement!
wow was ted cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication he used him as a scape goatfired like a dog! ted panicked
i am pleased to inform you that i have just named general/secretary john f kelly as white house chief of staff he is a great american
i have raised/given a tremendous amount of money to our great veterans and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so watch!
i love watching the two episodes in one! celebapprentice
thank you illinois! great news ! votetrumpil on 3/15!trump 28cruz 15rubio 14kasich 13bush 8carson 6simon poll/siu
can u please wish me a happy birthday! im a big fan! thank you happy birthday
south carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting and fun i am now off to iowa for two big rallies packed houses love it!
trump intl hotel and tower new york has the perfect manhattan location and is the signature restaurant
less than two weeks until xxix v willbe epic! excited to be inducted into the hall of fame
if mr trump runs for president america will get back to beating china! go trump!!
~ i was there when said that more then once by the way just saying it is fact true!
i will be speaking about our great journey to the republican nomination at 9 00 pm the movement toward a country that wins again continues
boy is this guy tough on me so totally biased as a reporter he should be ashamed of himself! trump2016
with few exceptions only really smart people are able to make a lot of money hard work is also important but brains will supersede
my int on with at opo discussing my potential candidacy and making america great again
pay attention study more than what is required keep your focus on the big picture and good luck
i wish you would love to hear you fired to them in washington dc
if saudi arabia which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil wants our help and protection they must pay dearly! no freebies
moodys is out to make publicity the bank downgrades from yesterday dont make up for giving aaa cont
dont miss me on monday at 7 30 am
i hope bill clinton and news maxs chris ruddy are enjoying their mission to africa two great people
thank you to our great military/veterans and pearlharbor remember the day i’ll never forget
mexico’s court system is a dishonest joke i am owed a lot of money and nothing happens
heard might be running for president think that would be pretty cool actually
donald trump is the middleclass growth candidate
people the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but i am calling it what we need and what it is a travel ban!
via “trump ‘the most overrated man in politics’”
watch explain how its irrefutable that president obama is damaging medicare
corker dropped out of the race in tennesse when i refused to endorse him and now is only negative on anything trump look at his record!
its as i said ive never heard of you before!
thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today in daytona beach florida! lesm maga
id bet the lawyers for the central park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of nyc when there was such a strong case against their clients
take a look at what happened w/ bill clinton the system is totally rigged does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence?
wowthats really nice!
as usual the storm of the century was not nearly as bad as forecast what a waste of time energy and money!
the democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons they have nothing going but to obstruct now have an obama ag
cowards die many times before their actual deaths caesar
secret service has just informed me that senator jon tester’s statements on admiral jackson are not true there were no such findings a horrible thing that we in dc must live with just like phony russian collusion tester should lose race in montana very dishonest and sick!
“the true competitors are the ones who always play to win” – tom brady
congrats to my great members at trump national dc on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 pga senior championship!
so many selfrighteous hypocrites watch their poll numbers and elections go down!
when i jokingly said bring back steve jobs to run apple because apple has not been doing well the haters and losers had a field day! sad
shark tank was shoved to friday evening friday is considered “dead television” besides you are not the star and never will be
congratulations for being named 12 resort in europe by the readerschoice2014 awards!
greatenjoy!
will you be running for president or is it all talk? time will tell!
romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one they should have used me in florida and ohio and he would be president
according to many isis was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide
via “us property tycoon donald trump confirms turnberry buy”
if cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the cuban people the cuban/american people and the us as a whole i will terminate deal
sparkling white and red wine collections have won numerous major awards and acclaim including
so many great endorsements yesterday except for paul ryan! we must put america first and make america great again!
when defended obama on benghazi in the presidential debate she was defending a complete lie
now is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in november
ted cruz was born in canada and was a canadian citizen until 15 months ago lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow i told you so
live factcheck trumps right the clinton foundation has taken millions from the middle east draintheswamp
people are for you trump2016 keep up the good work and we will win this and makeamericagreatagain
that was awesome boss! trump2016
greece should get out of the euro and go back to their own currencythey are just wasting time
leading in the bloomberg iowa poll also my favorability numbers went up at a record almost unheard of clip thank you iowa!
we also saw numerous since scrubbed videos of celebrations on 9/11
will be heading over to the debate soon can you believe is milking it for almost 3 hours? too long too many people on stage!
you are the smartest man in america why arent you president who needs obama? we need you! please run!!
a great american kurt cochran was killed in the london terror attack my prayers and condolences are with his family and friends
staying at trump international resort in miami well done sir wish we could stay a couple more days! great family vaca thx
i watched the entire rally and trump was very well received the place was packed
i will be making the commencment address today at the united states naval academy in annapolis maryland look forward to being with some of the greatest people on earth!
hi and thanks
my interview on “trump last person id want negotiating for me is obama”
and a great leader john has also done a spectacular job at homeland security he has been a true star of my administration
arriving with and back to new york tonight video
i wonder what was thinking last night as delivered that knockout speech joe should call in sick for the vp debate
with all of the crooked hillary clintons foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes and i mean real monsters! no more hrc
they will mostly vote for dems
no need to explain sir weve got your back thanks!
it was my great honor to deliver a message at the marine corps air station miramar to our great us military straight from the heart of the american people we support you we thank you we love you and we will always have your back!
why cant get better reporters than ben schreckenger? guy is a major lightweight with no credibility so dishonest!
will be on fox now watch and enjoy!
thoughts and prayers with everyone in lafayette louisiana this evening
keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunites and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
i am now in palm beach florida and will be going to church tonight make america great again!
$30m a year and arod is now relegated to the bench would have lost if girardi hadnt benched him in the 9th see my prediction
rupert murdoch defends trump complete refugee pause makes sense
focus on your goals work hard and never give up good luck!
the debate tonight will be a total disaster low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock i hate to see this
i will be campaigning in indiana all day things are looking great and the support of bobby knight has been so amazing today will be fun!
success is not final failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts winston churchill”
sadly vanity fair is a rapidly dying magazine needs new bloodand fast! going the way of spy magazine
us embassy opening in jerusalem will be covered live on and lead up to 9 00 am eastern event has already begun a great day for israel!
this is amateur night who the hell is in charge of this production? oscars
has no power but so dishonest!
getting a picture of donald trump and putting it on a shirt tomorrow cause hes a true american hero wow so nice!
make america great again! make america safe again! trump2016 americafirst
happy birthday to the great hes done so many wonderful things not the least of which is his fantastic family i love billy!
we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy!
hillary clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the iraq war debates2016 maga
so many in the africanamerican community are doing so badly poverty and crime way up employment and jobs way down i will fix it promise
anyway for me the most original costume was donald trump like president!!!!
it definitely is in this household great job sir
i get pissed off every time i see his ads on fox waste of money! go trump! many do!
thank you new york! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
amen you’re an american hero thank you so much!
rt potus on hurricane response efforts in puertorico on instagram part of 9/29/17 weekly address🎥
crude has skyrocketed since delayed the keystone pipeline not only are 20000 jobs gone but family budgets are tightening
doing fox and friends at 700 am enjoy!
youre awesome!!! thanks
i would definately vote for you ♡♡
entrepreneurs have your own vision and stick with it don’t be afraid to be unique don’t tread waterget out there and go for it
celebrityapprentice is back! heres a preview w/
im sending lots of bottled water out to staten island and long island
why dont you run for us president? watch
thank you connecticut! trump2016
mr trump our government is imploding america needs your strong and honest leadership pls throw your hat in the ring!
thanks sean keep up the good work!
rt seems out of touch w/ reality to announce a vp nominee before securing 1237 delegates
i would vote for trump for president any year
the blue monster is being torn up at trump on april 1 i go out and play it one more time until the new course opens
the russiatrump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest will you run? trump2016 watch
rt more media polls showing ahead in states pres obama won twice
a great night in fayetteville north carolina thank you! icymi watch here
i have millions more votes/hundreds more dels than cruz or kasich and yet am not being treated properly by the republican party or the rnc
is ahead of most republican candidates and he hasnt even warmed up yet america needs trump2016 !thanks
why did vince and the wwe give my speech and segment the most time last night on usa network because thats what people want to see!
gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance thank you!
clinton betrayed bernie voters kaine supports tpp is in pocket of wall street and backed iraq war
isn’t it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
there is none
my interview discussing my $5m charitable offer to obama his lack of transparency and my tremendous support
pumped millions into our chicago economy my brother worked on that building for 3yrs rahm should thank him!
is an inspirational man!! so nice thanks!
new york magazine just named the most influential tweeters in ny and one donald trump was 2 after espn actually im easily 1!
congratulations to roy moore on his republican primary win in alabama luther strange started way back and ran a good race roy win in nov!
atampt is the best
trumpforpresident hell yes!!! id vote for in a heartbeat!!!
you are probably correct i am too honest to be a good politician!
the is currently going onand is one of the truly great sporting events
i don’t know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy but have an obligation to charity to bring it
wow did the fall into the bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that i was hurting other candidates and not him
happy new year and thank you!
the national border patrol council nbpc said that our open border is the biggest physical and economic threat facing the american people!
same here run so we get someone in the office that knows whats really going on
idiot bob plaats on cnn is deluded! cruzs favorability ratings are 0 no one likes him vote trump instead!
via “donald trump john mccain is ‘a loser’”
i win a state in votes and then get nonrepresentative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by cruz campaign bad system!
china will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
we grieve for the officers killed in baton rouge today how many law enforcement and people have to
you should be the next president don thanks
visited balmedie yesterday for day fantastic course! will need to go back for full 18 thanks kenny
hey donald will ur new irish golf course be close to shannon airport ? yes
donald trumps 1987 the art of the deal spent 45 wks on the new york times bestseller list forbes400
ask is there anyone else who can do this better than i can?that’s just another way of saying know yourself and know your competition
i thought it would never start again
heading to phoneix will be arriving soon tomorrow a big day tremendous crowds expected! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
i was just given a great tour of moscow fantastic hard working people city is really energized! the world will be watching tonight!
i am democrat and i would vote for you trump2016 thank you!
love the sign chicagoproud thanks
big thanks to and for hosting me at nhfreedomsummit will be back to the granite state soon!
amazing building and love the new sign! thank you
so great that john mccain is coming back to vote brave american hero! thank you john
the patch a total loser for will be a good deal compared to laughs at “stupid” armstrong!
has won the most delegates received the most votes and won the most states the primary is over time to defeat
such a serious problem for ted and the gop great doubt dems will sue! lets all work together to solve this problem
it should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting they will no longer be so brave!
obamacare is a disaster americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services
the global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders!
a lot of the should be ashamed of their play in the post season they are lucky they dont have to deal with george steinbrenner
ive done hair since i was 14 thats real not a rug! true thanks but they know itdishonest press
big announcement by ford today major investment to be made in three michigan plants car companies coming back to us jobs! jobs! jobs!
the only way the usa is going to be saved from destruction is if runs for president weneedyou thanks
it is impossible for the fbi not to recommend criminal charges against hillary clinton what she did was wrong! what bill did was stupid!
rt our entire rnc family offers prayers of comfort and peace for barbara bush and the entire bush family
via the donald trump show is returning to sc billionaire mogul heads back to palmetto state
thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia dealing with the devastating floods imwithyou
“donald trump i will take full credit for romney dropping out” via by
thank you ohio! trumppence16
greta in a few minuteson fox
just as i predicted is preparing a possible attack on iran right before november
prime minister trudead.c.eing so indignant bringing up the relationship that the us and canada had over the many years and all sorts of other thingsbut he doesn’t bring up the fact that they charge us up to 300 on dairy — hurting our farmers killing our agriculture!
try never give up for lessons in tenacity
life is too short to hang around cynical people find people who will believe in your dreams and celebrate your victories
the irandeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped will lead to at least partial world destruction and make iran a force like never before
thank you to all americans who participated in natl rx drug take back day a record amount of drugs collected and disposed we can do this!
it seems had our tax dollars buy guns for mexican drug lords that were used to kill americans we need answers now
just arrived in italy for the g7 trip has been very successful we made and saved the usa many billions of dollars and millions of jobs
many people voted for cruz over carson because of this cruz fraud also cruz sent out a voter violation certificate to thousands of voters
congratulations to bill o’brien on being named the republican speaker of the nh house wellearned and welldeserved a great guy
you go love your spirit f the haters
ill be watching mr trump
thank god there is still someone in america that wont roll over for obama and his ridiculousness! sue the pants off ny ag!
a big day for the us at the united nations!
my money is on you in making a deal with iran
today addressed the naacp takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high black unemployment
69 democrats voted in favor of the keystone pipeline in the house this week a major defeat for
the real estate market in vietnam is booming growth is everywhere in the world except for the us
donald trump is my favorite mac miller song and mine tooooo!
one of the dumbest political pundits on television is chris stirewalt of wrong facts check fox debate rankings trump 1 dope!
have a great time at a great place!
i am pleased to announce that i had the union leader removed from the upcoming debate
trump towers istanbul sisli will be one of the country’s top landmarks
i wonder what the answer is on college application to the question place of birth? maybe the cont
monday night at 8 00 will be must see television our wonderful joan rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the apprentice amazing!
continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at fiu so tragic many brave first responders rushed in to save lives thank you for your courage praying this evening for all who are affected
tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing on news reports the strikes were coming dumb
and take no prisoners in boardroom of ‘all star’ where do they get it from?
the media has not covered my longshot great finish in iowa fairly brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history!
good luck and best wishes to my dear friend the wonderful and very talented joan rivers! winner of celebrity apprentice amazing woman
love to see you one on one with bill maher without his morons in his audience he would have no chance!
a smart powerful and successful man like donald trump would be the ideal president we need you mr trump! trump2016
the budget passed late last night 51 to 49 we got zero democrat votes with only rand paul he will vote for tax cuts voting against
unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! next
sunday night at 9 pm est will be rerun of last weeks episode of celebrity followed by new episode at 10 pm
learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer amazing success story
if your enemies end up liking you it’s because they beat you you want their respect not their friendship
win a dinner with and me in new york this june 28th its selling like hotcakes!
rt donald trump jr on the record why trump international hotels and residences are still winning via
great going
rt last chance wisconsin find your polling location for todays primary and go vote! visit 🇺🇸🇺🇸 t…
either miss pennsylvania will pay her father will pay or her lawyers will pay she hurt many people!
cant wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what obama destroyed
should be president he knows what he is talking about rolemodel thank you!
for the remark trump made on dumping nbc ill vote for
and are hosting trump 2013 pageant in moscow they will be terrific!
obama promised premiums would lower $2500/yr for family of 4 in truth healthcare will increase by $7450
great interview with on discussing the real estate economy and 2016
as the world watches we are days away from passing historic tax cuts for american families and businesses it will be the biggest tax cut and tax reform in the history of our country!
god bless the people of mexico city we are with you and will be there for you
thank you pittsburgh pennsylvania! will be back soon! americafirst
with championship links worldclass amenities also include dining and luxury accommodations
what i would do on my first day in office makeamericagreatagainwatch
brian williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such people will learn the truth!
usa🇺🇸 japan🇯🇵
in analyzing the alabama primary racefake news always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after endorsement!
“donald trump the view will be better without joy behar video” via
if you never want to be criticized for goodness sake dont do anything new jeff bezos
100 right about the excessive flags and tackling
this week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms with the jobs of the future
because gov kasich cannot run in the state of pennsylvaniahe cannot win the nomination and should not be allowed to compete in ohio on tue
its not so much that iran made a good deal its that kerry and obama gave away the store ok!
thanks judy for the wonderful statements on great seeing you there and you did a fabulous job on commentary
no wonder boxing is close to dead!
raleigh northcarolina! trump2016
i love your quotes they inspire me and always bring a smile to my face i shall fight until i draw my last breathe nice
rightly denounces super pacdriven campaign $ system another example of how dc deserves this guy great!
i cant believe that would waste time and money with he has got nothing going jeff zucker must be losing his touch!
in light the benghazi emails released last night it is apparent that obama has no problem lying to the american public
happy presidents day make america great again!
“ donald trump and ben carson 2016 wow!” i like it !!! run donald run !
a beautiful brilliant daughter true!
what will it take to bring back the made in the usa label? great leadership!
wears ua line of shirts too even if you dont agree wit his leadership style! very cute
i will be on cnns state of the union tomorrow morning at 9ame
i called chuck schumer yesterday to see if the dems want to do a great healthcare bill obamacare is badly broken big premiums who knows!
“do what you can with what you have where you are” theodore roosevelt
what a day at course is unreal
love how donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on
you are always there for us – the men and women in bluethank you to our police thank you to our sheriffs and thank you to our law enforcement families god bless you all and god bless america! lesm
playing at trump los angeles! amazing round of golf in the best course in west coast! unforgettable ocean view!
midas touch by donald j trump and
some of your most popular questions answered in todays video
putin has no respect for our president really bad body language
rt yesterday five secretaries testified on the hill on the need to rebuild our nations crumbling infrastructure pr…
something tells me a donaldtrump announcement on if he will/wont run in 2016 will come at season/series final of ca
l still think should just bite the bullet and get rid of the new batteries in the 787 those batteries will always be a problem!
how do i find out where is giving speeches at? because i really want to go to one
whether you are a republican or democrat we should hope that pres does a great job for the country
i believe we have passed that point there are homeless veterans in usa and yet illegal aliens get government housing
i have watched sloppy graydon carter fail and close spy magazine and now am watching him fail at magazine he is a total loser!
thank you vermont! votetrumpvt
in many ways this is the greatest economy in the history of america and the best time ever to look for a job!
good interview with chris! chris even gave you a thumbs up for potus
did you know your picture is on here?! you were so cute omg! 💕
we have no jobs no hope and no cash ten years ago we had some or all of those things interesting!
just left sioux center iowa my speech was very well received truly great people! packed house overflow!
excited by my acquisition of doral hotel country club in miamialready world class but will soon be the best
great meeting all of you this group knocked on 50k doors and counting here in maine thank you!
ive just done a major dateline for nbc march 3rd just ahead of apprentice
thanks and true!
baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team but i don’t think you have the money anyway
everybody loves he’s a great champion and this is where he should be he agrees!
i will be interviewed on tonight at 8 00 will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans illegal immigration etc
consumer confidence hits highest level since december 2000 read more
you are so genuine with joan always highlighting what an amazing woman she was
leaving now for new hampshire big crowd looking forward to it! fitn
trump2016 time for a true leader to lead our great country!
on there is nothing trump does that doesnt work for him
check out the trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions
if the republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of he is useless
i am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied save our children and their future
i hope bill clinton starts talking about womens issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how hillary abused those women!
my interview on discussing why will defeat with a strong campaign
thank you denver colorado! makeamericagreatagain!
just met with the incoming speaker of the florida house – a fantastic guy! he will be a truly great leader
congrats to r emmett tyrrell jr of for the fantastic piece on benghazi
rt jobs created in february
watched the megan kelly special and i must sayit was very well done on both their parts
deserves to be president of the united states of america thanks john we need someone really good great
i spoke with fox and friends today watch here
what took so long to catch only 1 of the benghazi terrorists? especially after the killer has been taunting the us in the press f/2 yrs
i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present thats where the fun is!
if elected i will undo all of obama’s executive orders i will deliver let’s make america great again!
watch the gamereally good
thats good news ! congrats
hence i would fully expect corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda didnt have the guts to run!
huma abedin told clinton her secret email account caused problems
ungrateful traitor chelsea manning who should never have been released from prison is now calling president obama a weak leader terrible!
people dont like it when is right for whatever reason
waterboarding ksm gave us the intelligence that lead to bin laden
as china is built on corporate espionage currency manipulation and cheap labor its economy is a ticking time bomb
visited me at what a great guy!
was there another loan that ted cruz forgot to file goldman sachs owns him he will do anything they demand not much of a reformer!
i am happy to see the majority of the gop candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped
via “donald trump to be inducted into wwe hall of fame”
is a superb businessman and a world class ceohe has built a tremendous empire and is certainly fit to run his corporation
id have to say that has one of the best accounts on twitter
mr for president 2016! please run if theres a god you will run!!!
ted cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in iowa weak rnc and republican leadership probably wont let this happen! sad
dummy bill maher did an advertisement for the failing new york times where the picture of him is very sadhe looks pathetic bloated and gone!
america is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal we have ended the war on coal and will continue to work to promote american energy dominance!
just finished another great trump book one more to go great!
the united states will be immediately implementing much tougher extreme vetting procedures the safety of our citizens comes first!
signing orders to move forward with the construction of the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines in the oval off…
senators should focus their energies on isis illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start world war iii
president obama looks absolutely exhausted in the netherlands he is not a natural leader was never ment to lead it is tough work for him
so a new celebrity apprentice sunday and monday night? yes
with panoramic views of central park and the manhattan skyline 5 star offers 176 newly renovated rooms
joan rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend her energy and talent were boundless she will be greatly missed
looking forward to speaking at the reaganrockefeller dinner tonight! record crowd we are no longer silent! makeamericagreatagain!
donald trump you should run for president seriously
thank you america!
james holmes the aurora colorado guy who killed 12 people and injured 58 others is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty
success seems to be connected w/ action successful people keep moving they make mistakes but they dont quit conrad hilton
melania our great and very hard working first lady who truly loves what she is doing always thought that “if you run you will win” she would tell everyone that “no doubt he will win” i also felt i would win or i would not have run and country is doing great!
i fought hard against spitzer and weiner and both lost for a while when spitzer was way up it seemed that i was a lone voice! good power
thanksthey are good kids!
it is repulsive that trump was assaultedpoliticians used that 2 further themselves2 further victimize trump! disgusting!!
do u ever sleep? not much!
my interview with andy dean on i told him what i really thought about the debate
failed on the border he should be forced to take an iq test before being allowed to enter the gop debate
are you ganna tweet live? yes!
getting ready to leave for poland after which i will travel to germany for the g20 will be back on saturday
what do you think the yankees will end up doing with his contract pay it or contess it contest?
departing now thank you cedar rapids iowa this is a movement!
in order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the wikileakes disaster the dems said maybe it is russia dealing with trump crazy!
i left atlantic city years ago good timing now i may buy back in at much lower price to save plaza and taj they were run badly by funds!
how many more billions of dollars will continue to waste in these solar companies?
i will be interviewed on this morning enjoy!
must read – via “va scandal grows as bonuses went to worst hospitals”
he is out of real solutions job bill is nothing more than a tax increase
trumps big lead in a new poll and whether jebs stuff happens was taken out of context with tonight thanks h!
wish you were president right nowone can hopewe need a leader in a leaderless country
looks more like a gym rat than a us senator how the hell did he ever get elected?
you have to think anyway so why not think big? great quote from an experienced leader
rt fox news has been 1 for 197 months straight in the latest ratings disaster for cnn they lost another 25 of their view…
amazing day at trump links course keeps getting better and better!
i stay up to watch your great apprentice show miles ahead of sugars version no comparison!
“courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway” john wayne cant argue with the duke
cant stump the trump
only reason the hacking of the poorly defended dnc is discussed is that the loss by the dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
is jon stewart a racist? see video
while the former kgb putin gets softballs trump gets the matt harvey fastball and hits it out of the park
do you see how disgustingly disrespectful is to and yet she says shes nothing but nice to people?
i am the only candidate in many years who is selffunding his campaign lobbyists and $ interests totally control all other candidates!
you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life think big
“if you can accept losing you cant win” vince lombardi
i am pleased to announce that i intend to nominate highly respected admiral ronny l jackson md as the new secretary of veterans affairs
i bought your first book long ago for an aspiring developer great results
actually not a rich boy school nyma gives a lot of opportunity to inner city youth!
allegations of unmasking trump transition officials not good!
the democratic national committee would not allow the fbi to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by russia
i am extremely pleased to see that has finally been exposed as fake news and garbage journalism its about time!
i play golf to relax my company is in great shape plays golf to escape work while america goes down the drain
59 of the united states by area is now covered in snowhighest in many years the global warming name isnt working anymoresorry!
hes a druggie
the us should not give a penny of foreign aid to egypt if the muslim brotherhood takes over the country we cont
i will be interviewed on tonight at 10 pm e on enjoy!
can i get a rt from for getting three of the best looking shirts bigfan
rt is right if gets to pick her anti 2a scotus judges there’s nothing we can do neverhillary
ego is outta control! i believe hes trying to upstage trump but that will never happen
besides an award winning golf course features exquisite estates on top the palos verdes peninsula
donald trump raffaelesollecito was unfairly convicted he didn’t kill anyone the italian government should be ashamed” innocent
response to the des moines register
congratulations to derek jeter on passing eddie murray last night to become the 11th alltime hit leader
meeting former speaker newt gingrich next week on the agendadefeating
have about 40 of ur ties wouldnt wear anything else you have great taste thanks
its by far my favorite mac miller song cant beat donald trump
so biased made the protester as the person of the year celebrates ows but vilified the tea party last year
it is so blatantly obvious! why do people refuse to see it?
watch obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term
via 9/18/01 i want an apology! many people have tweeted that i am right!
you are awesome and hopefully enough people realize it when its time to vote trump2016 thank you!
my comments on a larger screen iphone were in addition to existing unit not a replacement screen should be 10 larger than samsung
“had the information crooked hillary’s emails been released there would have been harm to national securitycharles mcculloughfmr intel comm inspector general
i will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years! debate bigleaguetruth
just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you don’t know what you’re doing
women defy media narrative love trump at packed michigan rallyvideo
my thoughts and prayers are with the great people of tennessee during these terrible wildfires stay safe!
will be interviewed tonight at 7 by re sony and bush
listen and learn from others but make your own decisions use your instinctsyou alone know where you want to go
i agreed to take the worst spot at cpac because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time i could be there it was great fun!
after 7 months of investigations and committee hearings about my collusion with the russians nobody has been able to show any proof sad!
due to popular demand cnn will rebroadcast the larry king live show i hosted in june in which i interview larry monday july 5 9 pm cnn
ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success build a wall from whatever they throw towards you sir
the tower looks beautiful donald best building in the city hands down! love what you do! thank you
had dinner with last nightgreat guy straight shooter impressive record
please run mr trump
will you please run for president i will votedonaldtrump
remember politicians are all talk and no action our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell the lobbyists and donors control all!
by “ny post caught lying again!” … the donald” should go far actually if i run ill win
donald trump investing in luxury hotels in india is a great news enjoyed interesting interview on cnnibn
negotiation is an art treat it like one be open to changeits another word for innovation
i have an internal debate on whether or not to unfollow on a daily basis you cant live without it!
maythe4thbewithyou here is when darth vader and i did some firing
slams romney 2016 ‘he choked like a dog’ last time …
lots of autism and vaccine response stop these massive doses immediately go back to single spread out shots! what do we have to lose
lottery continues deadly catchandrelease and bars enforcement even for future illegal immigrants voting for this amendment would be a vote against law enforcement and a vote for open borders if dems are actually serious about daca they should support the grassley bill!
trust your instincts they are there for a reason without instincts youll have a hard time getting toand staying atthe top
join me on from indianapolis indiana at 7 pm e! enjoy! trump2016
goes to best tweets of the night oscars
thanks ted see you at the show!
senator luther strange who is doing a great job for the people of alabama will be on at 7 15 tough on crime borders etc
i know rand paul and i think he may find a way to get there for the good of the party!
little i’m now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance you ungrateful dog!
the socalled leaks coming out of the white house are a massive over exaggeration put out by the fake news media in order to make us look as bad as possible with that being said leakers are traitors and cowards and we will find out who they are!
was great on last night roger and larry are good friends!
debate night! teamtrump16 is behind you 5000 national lead trump 356 carson 217
seems hard to believe that could be worth that muchbe careful if you invest and mark zuckerbergget a prenup
we are going to defend our industry and create a level playing field for the american worker it is time to put…
why doesnt opec lower the price of crude to help avert the european crisis? crude keeps rising during the dow… cont
nycs sole hammam the spa at offers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals f/around the world
unlike you stupid i became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell and false low int
who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? tbt trump
truethanks
everyone should start their twitter day with trump for presidentlets start the movement wow!
run for president please
ive had enough of this good night!
joined the conference this morning at the us capitol passthebill maga🇺🇸…
thrilled to hear that has awarded the rakuten diamond award for the 4th consecutive year! congrats!
i am on tonight a big special at 8 00 pm enjoy!
join me this friday in pensacola florida at the pensacola bay center! tickets
join me in washington today!spokane tickets tickets
it would be an answer to our prayers for you to bring us up out of this horrible hell we are in now
the people of cuba have struggled too long will reverse obamas executive orders and concessions towards cuba until freedoms are restored
we dont need another stimulus the first one was a complete failure why repeat the same mistake?
received a standing applause at ncgopcon when i said to have free trade be fair for the us we need really intelligent negotiators
i bet matt lauer is really grateful for coming to his defense like this unfair story by third rate
we are building our future with american hands american labor american iron aluminum and steel happy laborday!
has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration wrong for media to ignore him
“always get even when you are in business you need to get even with people who screw you” – think big
the display you put on this weekend was unprecedented even the best putters couldnt believe it youre amazing see u soon
donald trump will be appearing on the view tomorrow morning to discuss celebrity apprentice and his new book think like a champion!
all you haters need to realize trump got the second highest vote in history and hes never held office!
look better at lahinch or trump doonbeg? true!
bad move released $147m in aid to the palestinians that money is going to hamas
remember the most hated part of obamacare is the individual mandate which is being terminated under our just signed tax cut bill
i will be on tomorrow morning at 7 15 hope you enjoy and agree!
rt usaf b1b lancer bombers on guam stand ready to fulfill usfk’s fighttonight mission if called upon to do so
is cool i like him vote for him please thanks
raleigh north carolina was fantastic last night such incredible spirit we all want to and will make america great again!
chuck hagel wrong for defense via
rt boom! thank you mr president trophyhunting is repellent
republicans better start listening to and respecting the tea party!
how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he cant even defend his own microphone? very sad!
big day on thursday for indiana and the great workers of that wonderful statewe will keep our companies and jobs in the us thanks carrier
rt just claimed she has a positive optimistic view for america debates
everybody knows why obama would not show his college applications they are just not willing to say!
going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! which one would you recommend? trump start with the art of the deal
i never want someone working for me who doesn’t want to be thereand in the same way you shouldn’t want to be there either
outstanding maybe frank could do someday and mr trump is a good sport
taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary a total disgrace!
being politically correct takes too much time we have too much to get done! trump2016
mac miller pay you yet?? 90 million hits and no payment yet but hes been dead since donald t!
poor spent $50 million on his campaign i spent almost nothing hes bottom and gone im top by a lot thats what us needs!
please run for president america needs you🙏🙏
barack obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after bin laden now he wants all of the credit!
remember when the failing apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong now worse!
in todays trumpvlog i talk about how well will smith handled the situation with the reporter
i guess saw my ratings on the the other night where letterman beat leno bill you are no letterman
now is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgageshe will spend this country into the ground
anything is better than
im voting for trump in 2016 we need someone with his kind of amazing business sense to turn this country around trump2016
happy birthday and best wishes
thank you anaheim california! trump2016
“the belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion”winston churchill
heading to scotland to check out turnberry and trump intl golf links scotland then heading to dubai a great company
many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen good news is that we have great talent on the ground
i want someone who is liked by half and considered a sob by the other half i bet mr trump fits that interesting
for president
entrepreneurs resolve to be bigger than your problems who’s the boss?
in my office with banana joe who just won the at
shockingtwo of largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to solyndra what a coincidence!
for all of todays voters please remember that i am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign i am not bought and paid for!
why dont you retire and spend your money? too boring!
we need you and giuliani in whitehouse we need a crime fighter who knows crime!!! and your creativity
thank you hawaii! trump2016
donald trump the song gets 16m hits on youtube who wouldnt be flattered?
the blue monster is celebrated in june issue of robb report as the best of the best winner in golf course category
the spa offers 5 star services12 treatment rooms and 53 spa guestrooms overlooking chicago skyline
tonight despite everything put arod in the lineup
wow record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country must be global warming i mean climate change!
if republicans dont repeal and replace the disastrous obamacare the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
i hope that one day ill have a career like yours youre such a role model to me! ♥ thank you!
remember after this new episode starts 5 minutes!
aetna ceo obamacare in death spiral repealandreplace
great job on this morning could run the nfl much better
best book ive ever read
if the government just listened to this country would be so much better!
how much bad judgement was on display by the people in dnc in writing those really dumb emails using even religion against bernie!
via by jeffrey lord is eric schneiderman a crook? what a great writer and researcheramazing story
im very sure that does things excellently
only trump can save america right leader at the right time thank you!
hillary could lose to trump in democratic new york makeamericagreatagain trump2016
new q poll out we are going to win the whole deal and make america great again! trump2016
my 757 is incrediblei think the teams agree on that
just watched y interviewthe economic club great interview!! thanks
a house divided against itself cannot stand abraham lincoln
2 million more people just dropped out of obamacare it is in a death spiral obstructionist democrats gave up have no answer resist!
just read bestseller book—really great!
terrible economic numbers released today us gdp only grew 04 during octdec 2012 quarter great news for china
another green car loan recipient is laying off staff how many billions of our money has he wasted?
via donald trump announced for wwe hall of fame
just watched brian williams on very sad! brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at stop apologizing
woooow! was i wrong?? was talking about sig when he said vicious? whatjusthappened celebrityapprentice
does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems and fake news until the republican won? v was poorly covered
trump to host oscars?
crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even worth half that opec is ripping us off
thank you to all of my twitter followers for helping to defeat weiner and spitzer remember in the beginning they said it couldnt be done!
run mr trump run!
if your actions inspire others to dream more learn more do more and become more you are a leader – john quincy adams
credit the bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished will be big for ny
been a long time since ive cared abt politics since the gop been a disaster thats changed.c.f you love u! trump2016
ag schneiderman doesnt prosecute a butcher doctor but he goes after totalhack thank you!
is there anyone that loves you more than yourself? probably not!
china steals united states navy research drone in international waters rips it out of water and takes it to china in unprecedented act
ted cruz purposely and illegally did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks they own him!
you have over 2m followers more than than this says something about how america feels trump2016 🇺🇸
trump int’l washington dc is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in and enjoy opening 2016
donald trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the white house tours
looking forward to being with at our big rally in dc on wednesday 1 00 pm at the capitol to protest insane iran nuke deal!
i love donald trump apprenticeaddict ❤️ thank you so nice!
should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office i cont
congratulations to on being signed to cohost crossfire great move by jeff zucker
is a role model for how to be successful ive been a fan since art of the dealcame out in paperback
it was great to appear on piers morgan tonight last night as his first live guest piers won the celebrity apprentice and hes fantastic
just completed purchase of magnificent ritz carlton in jupiter florida will be renamed trump national golf club and be tremendous success
can all these people replying please explain why it was so cold last winter?
just looked at the sign and it looks great
china has a business tax rate of 15 we should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy jobs and wages!
“big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones” theodore roosevelt
if senate republicans dont get rid of the filibuster rule and go to a 51 majority few bills will be passed 8 dems control the senate!
todays job report is not a good sign and we could be facing another recession no real job growth we need over 300k new jobs a month
agree completely!! mr trump for president! thanks!
the white house should stop publicly pressuring israel on iran irans nuclear program is the threat not israels right to selfdefense
the atrium of dressed up for christmas
i have watched open championships at turnberry one of the great golf courses of the world pinehurst not in the same league
wish theyd name the royal baby after great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the world!
entrepreneurs identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve have your own vision and stick with it!
donald you have to do it its the only way to save this once great nation
funny how the failing is pushing dems narrative that russia is working for me because putin said trump is a genius america 1st!
we have raised millions of dollars for charity
about bush? he lied about iraq and wmds cost us 4000 lives!!! i agree i think he was also a terrible president!
i heard because his show is unwatchable that has made many false statements last night about me maybe i should sue him?
remember the republicans are 50 in congressional races this year in senate i said roy m would lose in alabama and supported big luther strange and roy lost virginia candidate was not a “trumper” and he lost good republican candidates will win big!
my interview discussing the republic of georgia taxes the fledgling economy and facebook
i never fall for scams i am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘ali g’ interview
what an amazing hotel worth every penny and then some thank you
president donald j trump proclaims september 3 2017 as a national day of prayer hurricaneharvey prayfortexas
get ready!! the trumpferrypoint tee sheet opens today @ 10am est on our website for april 1st30th!
i will be interviewed on this morning at 10 00 am have a great day!
new reality yuan just passed the euro as 2nd most traded finance currency our leaders better get smart fast
just doesnt get it and thats why their ratings are so low and getting worse boring antitrump panelists mostly losers in life!
trump is the alpha of the gop candidates the rest are betas! trump2016
icymi via by post editorial board “ new gem in the bronx”
on my way!
everytime someone tweets that i wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with them just another sad and lonely hater and loser!
youre the only one for the job! you never take any crap from anyone and thats the kind of president i want! trump2016
i hope derek jeter’s recovery is going well he is a very special player and a great guy new york loves him
congratulations to on winning athlete of the year in last night’s lebron is also a great guy!
if and raullabrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts and reform
it’s my great honor to welcome prime minister back to the
this obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! please run for president donald!
jeb bush signed memo saying not to use the term anchor babies offensive now he wants to use it because i use it stay true to yourself!
listen – my citizens united political victory fund robocall for zeldinforcongress
lets get trump!! go trump!! usa!usa!
hillary and sanders are not doing well but what is the failed former mayor of baltimore doing on that stage? omalley is a clown
we need a successful business person to upright the usano rookies trump is the man to do it! thanks i agree!
the goal is to be the winner donald trumps campaign is for real via the guardian
press conference at the opening of the villa at
wow just heard really bad stuff about the failing how much longer will they be around? some very untalented reporters
president obama now bring our 4000 innocent and illtrained soldiers home from west africa before it is too late and stop the flights!
direct foreign investments continue to flow into china at over $100b a year thats money that could be spent here
the mayor of san juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the democrats that you must be nasty to trump
apprentice was 1 among abc cbs and nbc from 10 3011 pm in all key demos adults men and women 1834 1849 and 2554 nielsen
signed a $70b budget which cut $140m in indiv projects very impressive rick is doing a masterful job
i dont consider writing books a small venturewriting books is essentially a sharing experience
via by jeffrey lord “donald trump takes ice bucket challenge – dares obama”
so excited for thank you for creating such an amazing show celebapprentice enjoy it thanks
high praise indeed
happy birthday glenda!
see on the cover of view the digital edition
via trump warns gop moving too fast on immigration reform by
president obama is losing on so many fronts in fact all fronts that i am concerned he will do something totally irrational he cant lead!
watch my interview with greta van susteren tonight on fox news at 10 pm
stay the course mr trump! its easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they wont truth
thanks karlie!
pictures of my beautiful mother amazing father and family hanging in upstate new york
congratulations to our new vasecretary dr david shulkin time to take care of veterans who have fought to protect…
donald j trump is the very definition of the american success story through trump we can bring back the american dream
i wonder if angelo has a job or is on assistance in any event im sure he is a nice guy!
rickie fowler instagram photos websta via
you talk tough mr president but have done nothing about china killing our jobs and economy
thank you will get even better as my administration continues to put americafirst🇺🇸
incredible handheld video of the las vegas strip in 1969 the skyline looks better with
people think of d.c. real estate king rightly so however u r the marketing king as well thank you
a list from top 10 most expensive obamacare taxes and fees
with all of the jobs i am bringing back into the us even before taking office with all of the new auto plants coming back into our
rand cruz rubio next week a hat trick of never gonna win donald if you ever were for real this is the time
you were awesome on late show! very true thanks!
celebapprentice who do you think won?
thank you for your nice words great knowledge and style! we are doing really well in south carolina
the chinese are smart they bought up over $7b in us housing last year us is busy making china even richer
you want to do something nice for chicago and they shoot you down piss on rahm he is just an obama lap dog
why does the liberal media think bill oreilly is a complete and total vulgarian? i dont think so!
ahi dont watch much popular tv but i do like the donald youre very smart!
we should look to china where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for scotland!
i will be interviewed by on at 7 00 am there is much to talk about!
trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!
the real unemployment rate according to the cbo is 15 economic recovery is all hope
trump for president ! trump for america ! trump2016
who would win on the golf course or did you ever see mark swing a club the power of a little girl!
it has cratered since wfb passed away so true wfb is spinning in his grave! jonah killed it
you do have awesome ties i have several thanks
the time has come to take action to improve access increase choices and lower costs for healthcare! ➡️
i said dont invade iraq from the very beginning my speech
“to be successful you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems” – think big
get rich quick! crooked hillary clintons pay to play guide
you were very poised and professional at the debate you looked presidential tonight hit a homerun makeamericagreatagain
did you agree with my decision? celebapprentice
rt happy fathers day!
stupidly believes that hillary wants to run against me because she said so she says that so people believe it opposite!
and you have incredible kids!!! by far your best work very nice thanks
if ran for president i would actually go vote for once! weneedchange trumpforpresident thanks
only can save us form this turmoil trump2016 perhaps so!
they just called this the biggest scandal in us sports history gma roger looks really weak and indecisive must put on a better front!
the weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming hoaxsters were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
my man is what a president should be
trump tycoon app for iphone ipod touch its $299 but the advice is priceless!
who is the dumbest man on tv? of msnbc
it is being reported by virtually everyone and is a fact that the media pile on against me is the worst in american political history!
i wish you were president! but only if you want our country to be great again!
it seems that justice scalia originally wrote the majority on obamacare and roberts then switched his position
fema and first responders are working hard yet again on hurricane nate military helping very much under control!
i hope everyone read the brilliant article in american spectator about leightweight ag eric schneiderman he should be run out of office!
doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocksthought it was going to be a smooth transition not!
as senator clinton promised 200000 jobs in upstate new york her efforts fell flat
hosts events around the usa 4our veterans long before a presidential run he loves our military
my boyfriend and i were in las vegas the other day gotta say your trump building rocks! thanks
sylvester stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion jack johnson his trials and tribulations were great his life complex and controversial others have looked at this over the years most thought it would be done but yes i am considering a full pardon!
via by “donald trump we must make america great again”
getting ready to take off for nashua new hampshire big crowd will be there soon fun!
yes he is and should apologize all people trying 2 take trump down not a chance
thank you americafirst rncincle
seen you speak at charlotte nc acn that was awesome! thank you a great audience
talks on repealing and replacing obamacare are and have been going on and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck
i wish you would run for pres we need someone with a big pair to help unscrew our countries future do it for children
no i said us destroyed a once american icon
many of ‘friends’ were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis now tiger knows who he can count on
goodwill and friendship was formed but only time will tell on trade
hi jessica and thanks
i am going to keep our jobs in the us and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure crooked hillary has no clue!
the us senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get healthcare and tax cuts approved fast and easy dems would do it no doubt!
tell us in a vine! your voice carries so much more impact! trumpvine ok on monday!
any prediction if the nyy will be in 1st again? no they will not!
my thoughts and prayers are with the and their loved ones we are with you! lesm
great comment after last rally on triumph with trump or lose with cruz excellent
jobs report is really bad beyond the worst projectionsa bad day on wall street!
happy easter to all have a great day!
the dallas event on september 14 at 6 00 pm at the american airlines center looks like it will be a giant success tickets are going fast!
lightweight reporter alex pareene is known as a total joke in political circles hence he writes for loser salon
so funny the impersonating donald trump radio gold
great job on fox and friends this am have a great week! thanks for shedding more light on the diseases fr porous border!
did a great job of winning tonight played like champions!
you have to run mrtrump! you are the only person on the roster that can actually do the job! please please mrtrump run!
stay strong d the last thing america needs is the same old politician
home sales hit best numbers in 10 years! make america great again
have a happy successful and healthy new year!
if he had gone you would have criticized him for leaving the boston issue unresloved wrong!
i love
spoke to a capacity crowd at horry county republican event earlier today
being good in business is the most fascinating kind of artmaking money is art and working is art and good business is the best art a warhol
will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to make america great again!
celebrity apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 pm with a great new episode featuring trump at 10 pm amazing!
they are all going crazy! we the people do not care at all! we are with trump!!
bill cosby is foolish stupid or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent probably guilty! not a fan
when is the celebrity apprentice coming back? im going through withdrawal! soonplease soon!
my take from cpac2014 speech was better than 🇺🇸
wowthe fake news media did everything in its power to make the republican healthcare victory look as bad as possiblefar better than ocare!
“keep your brand standard in mind and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying” – midas touch
oh great is doing a on like losing the presidency wasnt enough trump2016 hes a fool
just went off the rails i will beat hillary easily she does not want to run against me i am tuning them out waste of time
tpp does not stop japan’s currency manipulation and china has a backdoor to join it must be stopped we need to protect the american worker!
love you and love the show!! thanks s!
i give a lot of shit but trump national in bedminster is absolutely incredible thanks sort of!
gosh youre an early riser is that why you get a lot done? it helps!
i willthanks
they gave up because the shirts ties and cufflinks are hot sellers
it is wonderful to be in beautiful doonbeg touring im truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family and organization
i am sure you would be just fine!
you are the closest thing to teddy roosevelt tough as hell and speaks his damn mind and never bss
colin montgomerie you are not only a great golfer you are doing a great job of commentary
has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead he deserves to be in the
donaldtrump the turnberry is your global crown jewelanybody who is anybody will add this resort to their must visit list
watch melania on qvc this morning from 10 am to 11 am with her third line of her melania timepieces jewelry collection
what frightens them abt trump is his totally non political correct nature~donald is shaking up the house!
governor john kasich of the great great great state of ohio called to congratulate me on the win the people of ohio were incredible!
sleepy eyed thinks las vegas is a statesee this morning
i love you arizona! thank you! trump2016 americafirst
work has begun ahead of schedule to build the greatest golf course in history trump international – scotland
via by “what all hiring managers can learn from donald trump”
crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our presidentreally bad judgement and a temperament according to new book which is a mess!
rt success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money johnny cash
the fda must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies it is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue
obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records and transcriptshe will quiet down quickly
the trump signature collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs great style and design exclusively available
thanks larry best wishes
the brunt of obamacare will be shouldered by folks making under $120k
have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly bird killing and very ugly wind turbines dotting scotland
you would be doing our country a favor by running for president trump2016
my thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in dupont washington thank you to all of our wonderful first responders who are on the scene we are currently monitoring here at the white house
strong debate by no question he won we need more business leaders with bold vision to fix washington gasen
i will be on at 7 30 now!
when are you going to put your cape on and come save this country??? we need you!!!
amazingly is going to run the cure rate for his problem is 0 lots of other things will come out
if america was under the threat of imminent attack would obama use torture or a kiss?
we will bring america together as one country again – united as americans in common purpose and common dreams maga
sad to be missing it huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! americas future president
thank you kansas! thousands of people inside and thousands outside who couldnt get into the hall really amazing! caucusfortrump
i will be on this sunday a great honor hope you enjoy it
thanks trump is the most unpredictable extraordinary entertainingam pm assively popular candidate this country has ever seen
happy birthday mr you have been a great mentor in my life! teamskmthanks stephen
i will be in washington dc on wednesday1 pm in front of the capitol to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with iran
take it away take it away
tell me what i can do to help you she really has made me want to never watch fox again
rt is raising your taxes to a disastrous level is going to lower your taxes big league! d…
a man of business and success please run for president and fix this country 👍
great day at trump national in charlotte you took a good club and made it great well done sir
will be landing in knoxville tennessee shortly tremendous crowd expected its all very simple we want to makeamericagreatagain!
together we are going to make america great again! americafirst🇺🇸
i always said id never vote but if runs for president than hes got mine trump2016
rt “the trump economy is booming” one thing “has done that has received little attention despite arguably d…
wishing everyone a wonderful independence day weekend we have a lot to be thankful for
thanks boris good luck
the pga grand slam of golf will be held at
i hope you all are looking at the donald j trump signature collection of ties shirts and cufflinks for christmas and holidays
so many false and phony tv commercials being broadcast in indiana reminds me of florida where thousands were put upi won in a landslide!
people gotta stop believing media lies about trump that would indeed be nice!
what lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within usralph waldo emerson
identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve study the best people in your fieldand then plan the best route for success
leaving for new hampshire now will be doing the there live at 7 00 am new poll of new hampshire trump 38 carson 12!
why does fox even talk to will? he is clueless and doesnt represent what our party is about
mr trump with lodha is developing the iconic trumptower in mumbai
first time watching celebrity apprentice and im really enjoying it!
i vote for trump to make us all rich good call
hi colby
just finished speaking in sydney australia in front of 20000 people and today im off to melbourne for anot… cont
donald trump promises worldclass crandon park golf course via by
what about playing at in florida his golf course is amazing !
john kasichit didnt work im still voting for trump john has done so poorly in the debates hes done!
millions losing healthcare plans despite president obamas promise that this would not happen! what about a massive protest march on dc
good thing about trumpnot a snob a straightarrow w/street sense appeals to the massesa leader all can appreciate thx
and i thank our loyal fans for another great season of
hits new heights in national poll at 41
my beautiful daughter ivanka just had a healthy baby boy jared and ivanka are very proud!
really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday thanks for coming to the woodlands! 🇺🇸 thanks
i was on the view this morning we talked about the apprentice tonights episode is a great onetough exciting and surprising 10 pm /nbc
i will start reviewing various political reporters etc and websites as to their professionalism and fairness—many people asking for this
great rally last night in massachusetts 2000 people at a house must be a record! unbelievable spirit to make america great again
you have to have passion for your work thats crucial then focus on it and dont give up
follow me on instagram
wow word seems to be coming out that the obama fbi “spied on the trump campaign with an embedded informant” andrew mccarthy says “there’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign” if so this is bigger than watergate!
the senate must not pass tpa! any senator who votes for it is disqualified for being potus protect the american worker and manufacturer!
great job on tv this morning thanks
thank you coalition! an honor joining you today to discuss our shared values rtm2016 trump2016
very interesting!!!
watched on the late show talk fiscally responsible politics we need more of that in this country!
i believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders president obama gave up for bergdahl a great deal of cash was also given so stupid!
i pick the best locations has incredible views of beautiful lake norman
rt hurricane force winds hit florida keys 390 shelters have been opened in florida shelters near you➡️
just landed in the philippines after a great day of meetings and events in hanoi vietnam!
many meetings today in bedminster including with secretary linda m and small business job numbers are looking great!
remember when you vote obamacare is a disaster!
look dont be a fool vote for the right guy vote for
thank you maria b!
an idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous henry ford
look how things have turned around on the criminal deep state they go after phony collusion with russia a made up scam and end up getting caught in a major spy scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! what goes around comes around!
from my family to yoursi want to wish you all a very merry christmas!
i had a look round trump international golf course in aberdeenshire scotland it is stunning thanks
thanks alex
we have to get tough with china before they destroy us
more lies and deceptions is having his exstaffers write independent studies for his reelection
heading to dc to see and hear rolling thunder amazing people that love our country great spirit!
taliban targeted innocent afghans brave police in kabul today our thoughts and prayers go to the victims and first responders we will not allow the taliban to win!
mr trump im 45 today can i get a retweet for luck this year? good luck!
canada will now sell its oil to china because rejected keystone at least china knows a good deal when they see it
you even made the show great again
every economic climate whether an uptick or downturn presents new opportunities and challenges
it’s wednesday how many times will arod sue the today? arod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament
very nice has me in first place at 18 and bush second at 14
see problems as a mind exercise enjoy the challengeand remember to keep focused on your goals
obama is totally “tweaking” the republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways
millions more will burn their republican registration if gop continues to subvert the will of the people
small business optimism soars after trump election
very nice denise thank you
hillary when you complain about a penchant for sexism who are you referring to i have great respect for women be careful!
thoughts and prayers are w/ our sailors aboard the ussjohnsmccain where search and rescue efforts are underway
her instincts are suboptimal
your ties are the best hands down! thank you!
i am honored that texas supporters have filed papers in texas to create make america great party on my behalf
watch me on show at 10 pm tonight on
the iran deal poses a direct national security threat it must be stopped in congress stand up republicans!
your interview on fox news was great!we need you and the country knows youre the person who can save our country! trump2016
another new postdebate poll thank you! votetrump2016 makeamericagreatagain
yes my simple campaign sloganwhich embodies your supporters feelings run donaldrun! please run mr trump!!!!
ill be in london on sunday at the excel centre to talk about success it will be a great time for everyone!
new yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from and my choice? citizen kane filmforall
welcome to the new egypt muslim brotherhood representatives who wont take questions from israeli journalists
does ever work? he is constantly campaigning and fundraisingon both the taxpayers dime and timenot fair!
re crippled america i am signing books for the next two weeks order yours for holiday gifts!
small business owners are the dreamers and innovators who are powering us into the future!read more and watch here
brianthanks dummyi picked up 70000 twitter followers yesterday alone cable news just passed you in the ratings
how trump would stimulate the us economy
i will be doing fox and friends in 10 minutes at 700 many things to talk about! enjoy
today it was my great honor to celebrate the nationaldayofprayer at the in the rose garden! proclamation
just landed in new hampshire a very exciting morning planned!
remember i am the only candidate who is selffunding while i am given little credit for this by the voters i am not bought like others!
remember that carson bush and rubio are very weak on illegal immigration they will do nothing to stop it our country will be overrun!
today is donald trumps birthday! send him your bday wishes here
via obamacare is a tax gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class shameful!
this show is pure genius! celebrityapprentice
obamacare strikes again major insurer announced that over 53000 new yorkers will be dropped from their plans
what??? has his own ny state park? this guy is everywhere! it was a gift from me
i was on this morning
so proud of our great military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the finest that our country has ever had there won’t be anything or anyone even close!
very strong start mr president! thanks
yesterday the white house claimed its isis strategy is a success tell that to the christians being beheaded we need to hit isis hard!
unemployment has been over 8 for a record 40 straight months election will end the downturn
twitlonger betalook when it comes to china america better stop messing around china sees us as a naive gullible foolish cont
thanks for a memorable oscars! oscars no problem
donald trump is clint eastwood the perfect hero not scared of american terrorists vote trump!
this spring marks 4yrs since the phoenix va crisis we wont forget what happened to our great vets choice is vital but the program needs work and is running out of $ congress must fix choice program by memorial day so vets can get the care they deserve i will sign immediately!
“trump ‘very much inclined’ to enter gop white house race” via by
rt journalismisdead
via wsoctv donald trumps son says family thinking about expanding in uptown charlotte great job
failed presidential candidate mitt romney was campaigning with john kasich and marco rubio and now he is endorsing ted cruz 1/2
new cnn iowa poll trump 33 cruz 20 everyone else way down! dont trust des moines register poll biased towards trump!
donald trumps scottish hotel awarded fivestar rating
celebrityapprentice my new favorite show great
watch my interview on face the nation now and also the new cbs polls which if good for me the media wont report!
flights cancelled one quick call to trump toronto and i was all looked after
i agree! what america needs right now isnt a politician but a businessman who can run america effectively
just met with david perdue he’s a fantastic guy who will fight hard against obamacare he will win!
via robb report trump scotland best golf course in the world
celebrating new years eve in the windy city? join for the chic and elegant cirque soiree celebration
hi robertgood luck
saw s las vegas hotel the 24karat gold infused windows are impressive! thank you
dummies left iraq without the oilnot believable!
an extended interview from the super bowl with airs tonight at 8 00 pm enjoy!
i honestly believe that would make a great president thank you
great chris
pervert alert is back on twitter all girls under the age of 18 block him immediately
furious with msnbc why dont they just hire donald trump and be done with it? and their ratings would go way up and fast!
great work ivanka!
thanks for putting my name on the top of the tv screen when i turn it on! trumpinternationaltowerlasvegas
you have to love tells it like it is no bs arent you tired of all the bs?
weak and totally conflicted people like shouldnt be allowed on television unless given an iq test dumb as a rock!
your policies will make this state and country great again! makeamericagreatagain
watch fires up the crowd in franklin tennessee via
is a genius whens it comes to business thank you!
“get it straight pakistan is not our friend we’ve given them billions and billions of dollars and what cont
clean house not wg
you were awesome at the rally it was exciting to see you
this shows what a complete and total liar ted cruz is he said he wouldnt have nominated john roberts really?
its hard to get through corrupt media filter but trump is doing it check out 9/30/15 intview
hearing rosies name makes me nauseous! seeing her face makes me puke! cant imagine watching her!
americas top public course greens on palos verdes peninsula have been celebrated by
president obama spoke for me and every american in his remarks in newtown connecticut
17th hole at trump la beautiful track
obama lied when he said “you can keep your plan” so why would anyone believe his bogus obamacare enrollment numbers?!
i will be on fox and friends at 7 am 10 minutes much to talk about enjoy!
awwww i freakin love celeb apprentice and and thanks
trump for presidant! ive waited years for this to happen! trumpknowsbest
edddie24 mr trump is a real american patriot you have my vote if you ever ran 👍 thank you
do you believe this singing? oscars
rt ushcc was delighted to host for a roundtable discussion w/ hispanic women biz owners today in washington ushcclegi…
i loved being a surrogate on behalf of i am glad i was able to help him win
after turkey call i will be heading over to trump national golf club jupiter to play golf quickly with tiger woods and dustin johnson then back to maralago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the usa!
my interview which recently aired on cnbcs squawk box
join us at 10 pm e on with meetthetrumps abc2020
most dont know the chinese float the yuan at an arbitrary ratio to the us dollarthey will screw us as long as we allow!
whether there are tapes or recordings of my conversations with james comey but i did not make and do not have any such recordings
based on the fact that ted cruz was born in canada and is therefore a natural born canadian did he borrow unreported loans from c banks?
doing on is awesome number one presidency of all time
the fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of all star the biggest yet!
my son is in memphis at st jude children’s research hospital
we must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multibillion dollar trade deficits
great fitting shirt and i got a couple compliments on it too! looks great
thanks and i wont let you down
maybe ill go to macys and buy a shirt and tie combination for my cousins wedding stuffs beautiful great
“the world is changing very fast big will not beat small anymore it will be the fast beating the slow”
get all the info then quick trial then death penalty for the boston killer of innocent children and people! do not be kind
“age is whatever you think it is you are as old as you think you are”
trump international golf links and hotel ireland is located on the atlantic ocean in county clare spectacular!
how the hell does the libyan government get off telling our embassy security they cant have loaded guns for protection?!
in order to draintheswamp and create a new government of by and for the people i need your vote! go to lets maga!
trump intl hotel washington dc the iconic old post office building will be one of the worlds great hotels
i see principled disciplined decisive tough leadership i see strength i see trump16 please mr trump usa needs you
mark cuban cant beat me at anything he is one of many on shark tank and apprentice has been a much much bigger show!
today i will be rallying with with 15000 patriots in arizona for border security! lets make america great again!
danny zuker is irrelevant so true!
seth should just play the best of fallon his show is a cure for insomnia so true!
what books should i read for business? particularly by you start with the art of the deal
love the apprentice!!!
greeces financial calamity should serve as a warning massive deficit spending is unsustainable
my interview discussing why is a great nominee gas prices and why george will is a loser
my appearance re sony atlantic city and 2016 always love going on wendy’s show!
they should seriously look into the moron george zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid trayvon cont
run for president
best reality show on tv love the challenges
small businesses will have an ally in the white house with mitt gave a great interview yesterday
we must have strong borders and stop illegal immigration without that we do not have a country also mexico is killing us on trade win!
ebola patient will be brought to the us in a few days now i know for sure that our leaders are incompetent keep them out of here!
detroit is going through very hard times right now if they are smart brighter days are ahead
enough with bush clinton and the same faces every damn year we need fresh new ppl that r not greedy one
all this from a guy who lectured americans about tightening their belts bashes rich people an… cont
a nation without borders is no nation at all we must build a wall let’s make america great again!
millions could get surprise tax bills under ‘obamacare’ if they don’t accurately project their income \
i strongly pressed president putin twice about russian meddling in our election he vehemently denied it ive already given my opinion
ted cruz is falling in the polls he is nervous people are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks!
“success dependson how effectively you learn to manage the games two ultimate adversaries the course and yourself”
getting great border security and healthcare voteralphnorman tomorrow!
the first show of celebapprentice was amazing cant wait to see next weeks episode
it was an honor to welcome president of spain thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal noko regime
the world needs a leader like ! thanks
all i want for my birthday is for to wish me a happy birthday! happy birthday
i feel sorry for rosie s new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with true loser
showed a focus group on me using a very bad word i never said the word left an open blank please apologize!
johnny miller correctly very critical of greens at pinehurst said they should be redone
president xi thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony it was a truly memorable and impressive display! 📸
thanks piers you helped make it so!
im so excited for this upcoming season of celebrityapprentice this looks like its going to be amazing
celebrityapprentice has caused me to like brandi
dream team for president/ vice president ticket 2016 make it happen! i am proud of trace!
donna summer performed for me many timesshe was great and will be missed
i like you too
do your homework wasting other people’s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression
i’m with you! i will work hard and never let you down make america great again!
if you ever become president of the us what would be your first step? get rid of obamacare!
little respected club for growth asked me for $1000000 i said no now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads!
love the past fails and successes you have changed tv for life!
mr trump i just love your show i have seen every season!! thanks it is great entertainment! julie wind love
is so great towards you just doesnt like people on his show to bad mouth you he is great
when somebody challenges you unfairly fight back be brutal be tough dont take it it is always important to win!
the great irish links challenge and lahinch golf club is coming this june don’t miss it doonbeg
you have accomplished so much this young you have a huge road ahead
just returned home from the great state of new hampshire have made so many friends therespecial place!
really admire your determination working so hard for all americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased media
here in brazil we set up a group to see the final of the apprentice live hug and more success for you
in the end youre measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish
big day in texas tomorrow! having a rally in fort worth tremendous crowd will be exciting! trump2016
have a great easter you are a real champion!
i know you went back and forth w/ cuban im convinced is the best show on tv!
with the righttotry law i signed today patients with life threatening illnesses will finally have access to experimental treatments that could improve or even cure their conditions these are experimental treatments and products that have shown great promise
informs that is a “conniving witch”—is he surprised? are we surprised? celebapprentice
former navy seal questions birthplace
today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the ussarizona to the wh remarks
to the people of kentucky rand paul didnt want you now he runs back due to his presidential failure votetrump makeamericagreatagain
a detainee released from gitmo has killed an american when will our socalled leaders ever learn!
i hope mark zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend perhaps soon to be wife otherwise she can walk away with 9 billion
you could do it in your sleep and still make more sense than these other morons thanks
we will have the votes for healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of friday after which we need 60 get rid of filibuster rule!
i always new that and the idiots out there just prefer to be as they are ignorant spewing thoughts w/o merit mrpresident!
wearing the signature collection today lookgoodfeelgoodscangood
love what you do and work hard
i hope i dont miss celebapprentice due to news coverage of snowmageddon2015
together we will prevail in the great state of texas we love you!god bless texas and god bless the usa🇺🇸
what an amazing comeback and win by the patriots tom brady bob kraft and coach b are total winners wow!
many people advised me not to buy the miss universe pageant they were all wrong the deal worked out to be a great one!
hi joanna
join me today in wilmington ohio at 4 pm tampa florida at 10am
president obama gruber and all of the other obama cronies got obamacare passed by lies and fraudulent statements courts should overturn!
thank you for the incredible support this morning tampa florida! icymi watch here
u should have run for president our country is in a mess much bigger than you know!
environmental regulations stop border patrol from protecting 40 of the border a coup for the migrant democrats
i see where mayor stephanie rawlingsblake of baltimore is pushing crooked hard look at the job she has done in baltimore she is a joke!
the man is a legend very nice!
i will be doing the howard stern show at 7 am 10 minutes always fun and interesting talking to howard!
such poor leadership ability by the mayor of san juan and others in puerto rico who are not able to get their workers to help they
ticktock 12 hours and counting down to watch apprenticenbc
graduated from the school of champions great school true!
the fake msm is working so hard trying to get me not to use social media they hate that i can get the honest and unfiltered message out
i must b out of touch and r my top picks for presidential pick! teaparty
very dangerous pattern developing across country by obama supporters detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun
its not that im so smart its just that i stay with problems longer albert einstein
40 days until the election crunch time must stay on offense and take the fight to obama
check out donald trumps new igoogle showcase page
celebapprentice returns tonight at 9/8c on nbc
i will be holding a major news conference in new york city with my children on december 15 to discuss the fact that i will be leaving my
rt in case you missed it check out story about and
in charlottesville va is virginia’s largest winery with 200 acres of french vinifera varieties
lets do this!!! trump for president
hillary said she was under sniper fire while surrounded by usss turned out to be a total lie she is not fit to…
thousands packed into the pensacola bay center to see donald trump tonight a fantastic evening!
paul teutul is always good on the show celebapprentice
my interview discussing the acquisition of and the timing of plan
its been a long time since ive been excited about a candidate how refreshing to have a bold voice go trump!
voter registration deadlines today you can register now at and get out to…
keep an eye on anthony weiner weasels are hard to get rid of
trumpvlog be careful with iran
trump national doral will have big crowds this weekend for the wgc the blue monster is ready for the worlds top fifty players!
the iraqi army is useless president obama stay the hell out of iraq we should never have been there in the first place
happy birthday!
so many positive things going on for the usa and the fake news media just doesn’t want to go there same negative stories over and over again! no wonder the people no longer trust the media whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history! maga
tweet me your questions for the next trumpvlog
sir your chicago hotel is beautiful! thanks!
failed show season 1 of had 28 million viewers and 415 million watching
trump16 trump16 trump16 trump16 trump16
i am increasingly concerned with the uns ploy against this coming week and will monitor all events closely from australia
a rigged system they don’t want to turn over documents to congress what are they afraid of? why so much redacting? why such unequal “justice?” at some point i will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the presidency and get involved!
our country does not feel great already to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair
stock market at all time high unemployment at lowest level in years wages will start going up and our base has never been stronger!
markets are crashing all caused by poor planning and allowing china and asia to dictate the agenda this could get very messy! vote trump
sir donald rather than promote golf courses please use your influence to deliver messages that will help fix our country
just leaving mechanicsburg pa incredible crowd so enthusiastic! will be back soon maga
everyone else have fun being politically correct meanwhile is speaking the truth trump2016
why is that hillary clintons family and dems dealings with russia are not looked at but my nondealings are?
the only thing we need is you too run!! we can be great again
sorry folks but donald trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey
i will be interviewed by at 6 00 am enjoy!
then please run for president!
must read via by “mr president will you bring home american pastor imprisoned in iran?”
“dozens of key staffers fleeing office”
obama said he never met his uncle oscar who was arrested for whatever turns out he lived with his uncle in boston so many lies!
“winning is the most important thing in my life after breathing breathing first winning next” george steinbrenner
“expand your life every day” –donald j trump
congratulations! first new coal mine of trump era opens in pennsylvania
why is it almost every person i know thinks that mac millers only song is donald trump and then he disappeared true!
why does conde nast allow dopey graydon carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing magazine?
its inconvenient and inconsiderate is doing a fundraiser tonight making it almost impossibl… cont
sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make
very sad isnt it!
via by @ chriscassidybh donald trump says jeb bush is wrong about iraq
[first vote news video mike tyson endorses donald trump for president] thanks mike!
see the ashley judd ad by and you will definitely vote for her and love obama
best ties anywhere class all the way thanks
iran is desperate to develop nukes congress must increase sanctions against iran
keep fighting the good fight you speak the truth trump 2016!!!
interesting how president obama so haltingly said i would never be president this from perhaps the worst president in us history!
four brave americans died in benghazi administration is still covering up the truth we deserve to know the full truth
very nicethank you!
a great book for your reading enjoyment reasons to vote for democrats by michael j knowles
gary johnson is asking people to waste their vote on him make it count vote for
very resource rich canada our neighbor is looking to china for its growth just another sad commentary on the us
no taxes in boehner or reid planimportant victory for america
watched 60 mins first time ever love trump hate scotty
sent over 100000 jobs and canadian oil to china all because he would not approve keystone xl
rt boom!! tick tock
the best part about running for president will be losing i hate her so much
thanks raul
on the cover of magazine—a great honor!
the constant interruptions last night by tim kaine should not have been allowed mike pence won big!
obama did much better than he did last timebut still lost decisively
it all begins today we will finally take our country back and make america great again!
great afternoon in little havana with hispanic community leaders thank you for your support! imwithyou
“score one for the donald in his battle with
great thanks!
via by “trump says us brand has lost its luster”
with our national debt passing $16t during the convention has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents scary
great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them without them we dont have a country!
paul ryan is far from my first choice but a very nice guy the republicans should go for tough and very smart this time no games!
congratulations to on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery robin is a special person
we need you badly to run for president you are a patriot and we desperately need one run!!!!!!!!!!
taking risks and making mistakes is the best way to learn something new most of the time you will surprise yourself trump never give up
in order to be successful especially to be very successful you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure!
anderson so amazing your mother is and always has been an incredible woman!
that saturday night live is able to joke about the germanwings air tragedy is disgusting they should apologize to all of those suffering!
dined at macleod house today wonderful in every aspect thanks for creating this on our doorstep nice
via by cindy w hodnett “dorya to introduce trump home highend furniture”
all former bush administration officials should have zero standing on syria iraq was a waste of blood and treasure
after i read the art of the deal i made it a goal to visit trump tower i visited in 91 breathtaking thank you
i know the governors and jeb bush who has gone nasty with lies is by far the weakest of the lot his family used private eminent domain!
congrats for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world!
rt trump🇺🇸 and all seemed hopelessyou brought hope!you inspire us all! maga harvey usa…
is the visionary with the midas touch america good times are on their way thanks
lightweight ag eric schneiderman meets with president obama who he told me sucks as a president and quickly files a suit against me!
my int w/ at whcd on my 2016 timetable saving social security and making america great again!
david brooks of the new york times is closing in on being the dumbest of them all he doesn’t have a clue
new polls join the movement today imwithyou
“still rising rasmussen poll shows donald trump approval ratings now at 51 percent”
a country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure secure our borders!
im so glad your show in will be extended 4 two hours i enjoy it !!!!! great show
heading for ohio really big crowd of amazing people! much to talk about!
the american dream is back we’re going to create an environment for small business like we haven’t had in many ma…
great good luck!
wishing you good luck and a happy birthday
dont run for president! youll win and i wont get to watch celebrity apprentice for four whole years!
this will be our year to shine
thank you missouri! trump2016
thank you greta
pocahontas just stated that the democrats lead by the legendary crooked hillary clinton rigged the primaries! lets go fbi and justice dept
the new season of the celebrity apprentice begins feb 12be prepared for the best season yet!
rt president trump proclaims today as worldaidsday
want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort 10000 federal workers now on island doing a fantastic job
trump2016
record $200m renovations are on schedule the hotel remains open for guests events and conferences
is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why should be elected and has to go
is this boring or is it just me? oscars
even crazy jim acosta of fake news cnn agrees “trump world and wh sources dancing in end zone trump wins againschumer and dems cavedgambled and lost” thank you for your honesty jim!
kevin jonas is a very strong player surprised
thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the state of the union speech 456 million people watched the highest number in history beat every other network for the first time ever with 117 million people tuning in delivered from the heart!
fake news media knowingly doesnt tell the truth a great danger to our country the failing has become a joke likewise sad!
obama friend got a nobid $635m contract to build website and now she will get more to fix it
rt at the heart of the iran deal was a giant fiction that a murderous regime desired only a peaceful nuclear energy program…
is trying to drive down poll numbers to install carson who the establishment gop will promptly roll win don win!
rick perrya good man a great family and a patriot
its time!! celebapprentice westcoast
hadnt even heard of the benefactor til donald mentioned it big fail donald wins the tv war
great
the truth that needed to be heard voice of common sense! youre hired!!
if you dont believe in yourself no one else will
pathetic excuse by london mayor sadiq khan who had to think fast on his no reason to be alarmed statement msm is working hard to sell it!
latin america’s tallest building is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the new year in luxury
cant wait for 2016 trump2016 our country needs help leadership and it needs it fast!
it’s thursday how much did opec steal from all of us today?
rt republican senators who are opposing the president look at the great economic news americans are noticing!
cant wait for to be the next pres
having great meetings and discussions with my friend president of france we are in the midst of meetings on iran syria and trade we will be holding a joint press conference shortly here at the 🇺🇸🇫🇷
tom brady is about to win the next 5 super bowls and visit in the white house very cool!
who is watching with me tonight? celebapprentice
“keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when its hard when you do that you are passing the test”
just watched speaches from cpac and did great thank you!
derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately it will be lucky for him like in past
if trump was potus we would have all the money we need! trump 2016 thats true!
packed with holiday celebrations members and staff are enjoying the first christmas season at
can not wait!!!!! fav is !!!!!
watch olivia culpo crowned as 2012 in the trump missuniverse pageant
perhaps miss usa can lure snowden back? with her beauty for sure she will ☺
my interview yesterday with discussing europes debt deal and the gop primary
congratulations mitch!
just read crippledamerica! great book! i havent felt this enthusiastic about america since reagan
over 2 million people have lost their jobs since became potus how many of them still have healthcare?
do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage
‘better be careful’ donald trump warns gop on immigration creating ’12 million’ new dem voters via
is on the front page of the waving to 200 people in new hampshire my crowd next door was 5000 people – no pic!
congratulations to for the two top rentals in 2013! tirnyc
if stop and frisk is struck down by the pandering nyc politicians increases in crime and eventual terrorist attacks will be on them
the signature restaurant of is both forbes fivestar and aaa fivediamond restaurant
rt very proud of what my father has accomplished in the past 7 months wishing him amazing luck and success tonight! nvcaucus …
was so awesome u hosted this week! please give it ur utmost to freesaeed! i will!
the democratic convention has paid zero respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country no recognition sad!
likewise billions of dollars gets brought into mexico through the border we get the killers drugs and crime they get the money!
shark tank is a dead friday night filler compared to the apprentice which has been number one show for week in the t v ratings!
we need the wall for the safety and security of our country we need the wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from mexico now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world if there is no wall there is no deal!
on holocaust remembrance day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent jewish men women and children and the millions of others who perished in the evil nazi genocide we pledge with all of our might and resolve never again!
youre fired! its music to my ears when it comes from mouth! why a commercial?!? celebrityapprentice
why does and always have karl rove on he spent $430 million and lost all races a dope who said romney won election
perhapsno decision yet
great show this seasonluv the back to back episodesgreat cast this time
if you were the president how long would it take for you to erase the us debt deficit? not very long!
thanks to a great woman for her wonderful defense of the miss usa pageant
on behalf of an entire nation happy 242nd birthday to the men and women of the united states marines! usmc242 semperfi
the don is our guy the man who will set things straight donald trump for president
record snowfall and freezing temps throughout the country where is global warming when you need it?!
we accept the best we want trump!
going on letterman now let me know what you think how did i do? here we go!
just bought at macys my 2014 installment of your shirts for christmas! gorgeous colors this year! and fabric
next she says shes being set up by omarosa to failis somebody confused?
love dress! celebapprentice celebrityapprentice
caught speech from iowa why is the media portraying him so poorly? guy has passion great ideas
it has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my timetogettough book signings anyone who wants to be prez should read!
today it was my great honor to welcome prime minister erna solberg of norway to the a great friend and ally of the united states! joint press conference
thilangolfswag played doral for the first time absolutely great course! fantastic job! thanks
running the us is much like running a business who better at that than the donald? trump2016
you are 100 right enough is enough
thank you for your support!
my husband and myself are praying you run for president thank you!
thanks rudy!!! trump will be a great president!!
neverforget
why has allowed the muslim brotherhood to visit the what hope and change!
if you ran for president you got my vote fix the country! thanks
the new hot term that they have recently invented is polar vortex give me a break!
cant wait! the show is already great!
“do not pray for easy lives pray to be stronger men” – pres john f kennedy
“the problem is that no government can create real jobs only entrepreneurs can do that” – midas touch
after destroying the middle east and our economy the bushes last gift was having justice roberts legalize obamacare no more bushes!
92yearold registers to vote for first time says will vote for trump
gop will not win until they fire all of the political consultants
why would i call china a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the north korean problem? we will see what happens!
sadjust 16 of american parents think their children will be better off than them we can do much better!
we are leaving iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure we should be reimbursed with oil! dont give it to iran
maybe should stick to words vs barking he’s got a definite talent when he wants to use it celebapprentice
very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb!
much worse!
sebelius didnt test $635m probably $1b obamacare website until “a couple of days leading up to the launch”
lets go america! time to take backour country and makeamericagreatagainwatch video and go votetrump!
you are the soul of nyc thank you!
i have been reviewing my options for this obamacare it has me with sleepless nights im worried!
ill be on monday at 7 30 am tune in!
bring jobs back from asia and mexicovote trump for wage justice
great night in wi i’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the peo…
our online campaign store is officially open! visit to shop the latest makeamericagreatagain merchandise
i think you would be an awesome leader for the country!
as president i wanted to share with russia at an openly scheduled wh meeting which i have the absolute right to do facts pertaining
the con artists changed the name from global warming to climate change when global warming was no longer working and credibility was lost!
“failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently” henry ford
just watched a very insecure oprah winfrey who at one point i knew very well interview a panel of people on 60 minutes the questions were biased and slanted the facts incorrect hope oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
today it was my great honor to meet with the crown prince of bahrain at the bahrain and the united states are important partnersduring the crown prince’s visit he is advancing $9 billion in commercial deals including finalizing the purchase of f16’s
idk if anyone watched mike and mike this morning but spoke the absolute truth
stock market hits an alltime high! unemployment lowest in 16 years! business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
“on 1/20 the day trump was inaugurated an estimated 35000 isis fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both iraq and syria as of 12/21 the us military est the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles”
hillary read sigh off the teleprompter shes so fake she has to be told how to feel
are your ties available in south africa? you can order them online
it was my great honor to defend on last night—he has come a long way and for the good!
will be in terre haute indiana in a short while big rally! see you soon!
when you’re almost 800 billion dollars a year down on trade you can’t lose a trade war! the us has been ripped off by other countries for years on trade time to get smart!
i love the trump family they have done so much just in nyc how lucky other parts get to benefit! goodfamily
paulina vega miss universo junto a donald se ve decepcionado
“do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life it is a defeating attitude and a negative emotion think like a champion
good job donald! we need you to get more involved!!! way to go!!
ellioti just liked your tonehave a wonderful time at doral
thank you virginia! imwithyou
trumpvlog my thoughts on afghanistan and why i fired two people on this weeks celebapprentice
so should the makers of this documentary be fired? no but they should state the true factsno angels!
i called president putin of russia to congratulate him on his election victory in past obama called him also the fake news media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him they are wrong! getting along with russia and others is a good thing not a bad thing
next time you have a rally try getting 12 people instead of 11—it would be much more effective!
thanks you for all of the trump rallies today amazing support we will all make america great again!
i as president want people coming into our country who are going to help us become strong and great again people coming in through a system based on merit no more lotteries! america first
i really appreciate your tips just started a business going for gold thank you greatgood luck!
i am in colorado big day planned but nothing can be as big as yesterday!
kim strassel of the wsj just said after reviewing the dumb comey memos “you got to ask what was the purpose of the special counsel? there’s no there there” dan henninger of the wsj said memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
richard mourdocka very good man running for the senate in indiana hopefully he will win!
america needs to be put back in the hands of america reclaim this country of ours!
time to end the visa lottery congress must secure the immigration system and protect americans
its sad to see once decent news papers like failing so badly i just dont know if they can be saved
thanks paul we miss you!
george steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend there will never be anyone like him in new york weve lost a truly great man
500days of american greatness
tune into celebrityapprentice at 8 pm est on nbc with the beautiful and smart
i agree!!!!!
thanks i will
go to the website for the judges full decision re trump university
were likely paid w/ public funds for original services now likely to get nearly half of settlement… doubledipping
my position on pinehurst is correct bad for the game a dried out cow pasture you have no clue but keep trying!
via by “poll hispanics blacks call for tighter borders access to illegals jobs”
if buys the bills please dont take them out of buffalo! i wont
america must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an outsider
so sad that the department of “justice” and the fbi are slow walking or even not giving the unredacted documents requested by congress an embarrassment to our country!
first interview since taking office tonight on tonight
have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead victory
its going to get hotter in las vegas tonight! watch the miss universe pageant tonight on nbc at 9 pm im looking forward to being there!
enough politicians! we need a business man to get this country back on track! for prez 2016!
outstanding speech at the republican leadership summit mr thank you
for president 2016
first night in hotel in doonbeg great location accommodation and food i think donald is onto a winner
great day for americas future security and safety courtesy of the us supreme court i will keep fighting for the american people and win!
the fake media is working overtime today!
i am sure the chinese are getting anxious they watch the polls wont let them cheat us anymore
tbt with my friend
my twitter followers will soon be over 2 millionamp all the biggies its like having your own news paper
i will be speaking to my friend president xi of china this morning at 8 30 the primary topics will be trade where good things will happen and north korea where relationships and trust are building
and john heilemann’s book double down is an excellent read on the just passed election great book congrats!
mr trump please run for potus in 2016!
thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech i will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics!
the just out usa today national poll where i lead by big numbers shows that in a head to head matchup i beat both hillary and bernie
motivation is key so is momentum
watch the miss universe competition live from the bahamas sunday 8/23 @ 9 pm et on nbc
curtis sliwa doing tv commentary on 9/13/2001 good job curtis please send your apologies to
thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into us
via by donald trump us defeating isis only in john kerrys imagination
via by obama one of ‘the worst things that’s ever happened to israel’”
i just got off the phone with the great people of guam! thank you for your support! votetrump today! trump2016
chris matthews ratings are at new historic lows he is singlehandedly destroying the entire channel
thanks and yes
donald trump leads hillary clinton by 19 points among military veteran voters poll americafirst maga
i honestly think would fix the mess this country has become i could and would
cryin’ chuck schumer fully understands especially after his humiliating defeat that if there is no wall there is no daca we must have safety and security together with a strong military for our great people!
leaving for the great state of south carolina now to make a speech about how to make our country great again!
a day after greece burned released a $38 trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 billion deficithe will turn america into greece
you should run as an independent and kick hiliarys ass and the wussy democratic republicans too! just say no to rinos!
what it’s like to play new york city golf course
another company that the doe has given money to just filed for bankruptcy this is how the money we borrow at 40 from china is wasted
if i could only read one of your books which one would you recommend? the art of the deal
lyinted cruz is weak and losing big so now he wants to debate again but according to drudgetime and online polls i have won all debates
did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist michelle malkin congrats to both!
in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do!
hello donald i have looked up to your success in business relations since i was a teenager i am a small business owner
hi amy see you soon
the republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
a great afternoon in tampa florida thank you! trumppence16
thank you connecticut delaware maryland pennsylvania and rhode island! makeamericagreatagain
shopping is no longer a family christmas time tradition in my house great a very disloyal chain!
you should run mrtrump get this country back on track
via “poll donald trump in gop top tier for president”
looking forward to tonights ayrshire chamber of commerce annual dinner 2015
the election result in france is very disappointing the europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover
getting ready to go to iowa today big crowd will be a great day!
obama is in texas but will not be visiting the border he is too busy fundraising!
looks like jerry brown and california are not looking for safety and security along their very porous border he cannot come to terms for the national guard to patrol and protect the border the high crime rate will only get higher much wanted wall in san diego already started!
pathetic attempt by to try and build up ratings for the gopdebate without me theyd have no ratings!
your tweets are so entertaining!!! and pinehurst did look like cow shit! dusty ass tumbleweeds blowing around geeeezzzz
i will and i agree! rt you cant possibly make any more money so why dont you make a difference instead?!
sanders said only black lives matter wow! hillary did not answer question!
sick and wrong apologize!
uwere rightthe chinese respect smart ppl like urselfbut they and evry1 laughs @ obamaplz run in 16 youre strong
i will be on fox and friends at700 am enjoy!
join me for my weeklyaddress🇺🇸
donald trump to chris christie don’t hire via by
donald trump is already helping the working class
for president i cant wait for next monday to watch
our country is on the precipice washington is broken where is the leadership?
keep youre momentum until you win over the white house
“mastering others is strength mastering yourself is true power” – lao tzu
i will be interviewed on at 7 00 this morning plenty to talk about!
our country has a big heart and its a point of national pride that we take care of our own timetogettough cont
looking forward to rally in the great state of pennsylvania tonight at 7 30 big crowd big energy!
i am happy that the job on cbs the 16th knockoff of the apprentice was just cancelled i love to see my opponents lose not nice!
right move right time for you typical of your intelligence and business sense great timing
“i like thinking big to me it’s very simple if you’re going to be thinking anyway you might as well think big” – the art of the deal
national security presidential memorandum on strengthening the policy of the united states toward cubamemorandum…
passion motivates passionate people dont give up their zeal eliminates fear passion can also create business opportunities
chicago river north support for tower sign thank you jeremy great writing!
get out and vote west virginia we will make america great again!
legal immigrants want border security it is common sense we must build a wall! lets make america great again!
great news as a result of our tax cuts and jobs act!
amazing the people you hire for design are incredible thanks
thank you georgia! 15000 amazing supporters tonight! everyone get out and votetrump tomorrow! supertuesday
wow president obamas brother malik just announced that he is voting for me was probably treated badly by presidentlike everybody else!
“trump on obama ‘i never thought it would be this bad’” via
entrepreneurs getand keepyour momentum going without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
full support
so nice thank you
general john allen who i never met but spoke against me last night failed badly in his fight against isis his record bad neverhillary
winner trump get use to ittrump2016
the global warming scientists dont want to be airlifted off the shipthey are having too much fun and that is too simple a solutionfame!
2016 president the world needs a real business man not a political putter from the bush ward
the weak jokers who so badly hurt great penn state university should have fought the ncaa instead of making a deal
my childcare plan makes a difference for working families more money more freedom americafirst means…
obama called reverend wright his friend counselor and great leaderthen dumped him like a dog!
scary$6t in debt and $1t annual budget deficits later is asking for more time to fix the economy
i will be going to church in iowa this morning with my wife melania after church i will be making two speeches and touring the state!
another clip that seems to vindicate the donald
please run for president2016
why is even at a event? ratings asshole ill bet in life you are a very big failure!
letterman had brian williams as guest last night i was on last thursday
how come rubioampcruz are going to turn america around but did nothing in the senate for usa?
my wife kids and i visited nyc last week i loved going to the trumptower it was beautiful as i had hoped! great thanks
he wants to release 5 senior taliban detainees back to the taliban the taliban out negotiates him!
when trump is president do you think hell televise cabinet meetings and fire someone each week?
i invite you to join my campaign to make america great again! sign up to volunteer!
being a great president requires great negotiating skills trump a master negotiator can make america great again true!
bill clintons meeting was a total secret nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter
many nato countries have agreed to step up payments considerably as they should money is beginning to pour in nato will be much stronger
such an honor to have my good friend israel pm join us w/ his delegation in nyc this afternoon unga
has the best opinionated tweets about politics in this country thank you i agree!
how about eliot spitzer? will you say the same ? on anthony wiener i told you so! eliot is also sick!
they attack you more then cnn or msnbc combined just a bunch of old bush appointee rhinos
syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! a polititians war
obama said not optimal to ambassador and embassy killingsbad word usage for a harvard graduate
military reps have attacked over bin laden leaksthey believe hes just using this for his benefit not a big surprise
the incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension tpp is a terrible deal
“destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business – so give it a chance to work” – think like a champion
“he who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life” muhammad ali
entrepreneurs see yourself as victorious look at the solution not the problem keep your focus positive
i think you are great cant wait for celebrity apprentice starts again! best show on tv! thanks!
the polls have been consistently great the silent majority is speaking politicians are failing makeamericagreatagain!
we better be vigilant careful and strong
new course layout is unbelievable 7800 yds long enough for the pga or what?? thank you!
house intelligence committee rules that there was no collusion between the trump campaign and russia as i have been saying all along it is all a big hoax by the democrats based on payments and lies there should never have been a special counsel appointed witch hunt!
my interview discussing why is not a nice guy and who will win the 2012 election
the baddest boss on the planet taking no bs from anybody gotta hand it to you the real estate king cute
another false story this time in the failing that i watch 48 hours of television a day wrong! also i seldom if ever watch cnn or msnbc both of which i consider fake news i never watch don lemon who i once called the “dumbest man on television!” bad reporting
but true!
via by alana marie burke “donald trump 2016 7 key political positions”
us trade deficit hit $64b in april 2 yr record high we must do better china is ripping us bring the jobs home!
very good news —the new quinnipiac poll just came out—i am 1 in iowa
subscribing to that trash to begin with would be your first mistake it is failing fast!
wow vanity fair was totally shut out at the national magazine awards it got nothing graydon carter is a loser with bad food restaurants!
the meeting with republican senators yesterday outside of flake and corker was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for usa!
“some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the worldthe marines dont have that problem” ronald reagan
preliminary talks have begun for next seasons celebrityapprentice as usual we will have another great season
only our donald will save christianitychrist bless our land
i hope you run america needs it badly
only 15 days until obamacare is implemented congress must waive the monstrosity for regular americans why should they be punished?
you are a very wise man mr t! love your tweets thanks
wacko pervert idea of hispanic outreach is using carlos danger as his sexting he’s an insensitive racist
another obama disaster
gallup finds des moines iowa has the highest community pride 765 of any large city congrats and i agreei love the place!
our deficit spending is china’s gain is bankrupting our country
a great interview of in the @ globeandmail on trump tower toronto
the world economic forum now ranks the us the fifth most competitive economy in the world we have fallen from first under
give your goals substance imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary make them count on as many levels as you can
the more you know the more you realize how much you dont know how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything?
you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance success!
“pay attention to the small numbers in your finances such as percentages and cents
to show you how shallow politicians can be many are jealous of my speaking slot and also their fellow republicans! not good!
megyn needs to go back on vacation what a waste of an hour on fox
the silent majority is silent no more! remember the importance of voting! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
rt the same can be said of the collusion stuff
diet coke tweet had a monster responsedammit i wish the stuff worked
you did awesome ! loved the challenge !!
great questionagreed
i will be going to the funeral of my friend joan rivers today i got to know her really well when she became the winner of the apprentice!
great segment with breaking down the trump factor lets make america great again!
glad to see that the egyptian army is releasing mubarek as we see obama never should have abandoned him he was an ally
rt syrian president bashar alassad’s april 7 attack on innocent civilians violated international law the chemical weapons co…
adrian was recognized on a disney cruise and has had many photo requests in we have a new celebrity! celebapprentice
the primary voter spoke last night in va7 and won going away now the party must stand behind him! unity unity unity!
u are one of the most gifted personalities today keep rocking the world with ur ingenious thoughts thank you
fiorina is not surgingshe is begging for moneyand she owns this
via by exclusive trump slams obamatrade stands up for american jobs
i love trump because he actually says what’s on his mind not what the people want to hear that’s why he’s a leader thanks
good morning america weather headline for us never ending cold
president obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with iran that lots of bad results can occur be cool and be careful!
i will be in huntsville alabama on saturday night to support luther strange for senate big luther is a great guy who gets things done!
i agree america is disheartened i truly believe trump can turn this country around he is the only 1 who can
is even regarded as a valid source of information by anyone?? no!
my speech at bartlet gala dinner where i received entrepreneur award
believe you can and youre halfway there theodore roosevelt
miss usa pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor but it wont be in miami doral in 2014 mayor boria voted against it i want total support!
whats your beef with stevie wynn? i have none he is a friend of mine!
the young intern who accidentally did a retweet apologizes
under trump gains against isis have dramatically accelerated
the trump courses in scotland are the best in the world! fantastic few days playing them! thank you!
congrats to has now had over 40 months straight of over 8 unemployment while accruing over $6t cont
the sad truth is some republicans in congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation timetogettough
i want to go to just like he is a hero of mine such a brilliant man wharton is great!
we threw our ally mubarak overboard and egypt is now our enemy great going obamaisrael is in trouble
i hear that $$ man robert mercer a good man is very angry because cruz lied to him about liquidating his ted’s holdings?
tonights episode of is not only the best episode ever it has a great lesson in life dont miss it!
i would stop paying him immediately
via by paige austin “trump to donate 12 acres for conservation in palos verdes”
such a class acti adore that man and all he stands fora classy trio
skywire as much credit as hes been given he wasn’t given enough credit for his incredible feat over grand canyon
dummy i never went bankrupt
jay leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show my answer is always no because his show sucks they love my ratings!
i think should take another eleven day unscheduled vacation
our new american energy policy will unlock millions of jobs and trillions in wealth we are on the cusp of a true ene…
margaret thatcher was the iron lady of the west she promoted freedom and democracya great leader and ally of america
i am selffunding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight rubio or ted cruz!
erics sept 14th event will be held at trump national golf club westchester
donald trump is the man and people dont appreciate his honesty thank you
our prayers are with rev for a speedy recovery his faith continues to inspire us all
congratulations to doug jones on a hard fought victory the writein votes played a very big factor but a win is a win the people of alabama are great and the republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time it never ends!
bought a trump shirt for a wedding i went to last fall i looked awesome ill bet you did!
he is now losing in the latest to in pennsylvania rick is wasting everyones time
the super committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it the republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal
is nycs only 5 star and 5 diamond hotel w/a 5 star and 5 diamond restaurant
why gas prices will cost reelection painatthepumpnotgoodforobama
in any event we are extreme vetting people coming into the us in order to help keep our country safe the courts are slow and political!
my brother wears your ties to work everyday he loves them hes also a huge fan of yours! say hello!
big fan run for prez please
love the trump!
alabama loves you great!
what is our country coming to when a judge can halt a homeland security travel ban and anyone even with bad intentions can come into us?
geez mr trump they are coming for you even before the real debate asks all negative trump questions! trump
would very much appreciate saudi arabia doing their ipo of aramco with the new york stock exchange important to the united states!
will never solve the issues with the ministry of defense besides they smartly just left the project
brande thank you! you have been a pleasure to work with
enjoy your stay!
just 30 minutes from manhattan is westchester’s most elite club offering a 7291 yard course
honest reporters stated that the prayer breakfast was going on during my cpac speech and security was very slow to let people inlong lines!
rt i support president trump’s desire to reenter the paris accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for america…
all you need to do is announce and were there!
it would be an honor to our nation if you would be our president! thank you for your confidence!
done by a real fan! trump
the trump administration has terminated more unnecessary regulation in just twelve months than any other administration has terminated during their full term in office no matter what the length the good news is there is much more to come!
he also bought the beach property adjacent to maralago from jack massey true!
despite the fact that i have had great success with the words youre fired i do not like firing people but zero on obamacare messno way!
please run for president sir america needs your leadership !!
won’t be a buyer’s market for long if you can purchase a home but remember i told you this three years ago
whatever happened to obamas independent investigation into national security leaks from his administration? wheres the media?
i would not sign grahamcassidy if it did not include coverage of preexisting conditions it does! a great bill repeal and replace
i know he can and will
as a big job creator i was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate
i love love love mr trump he is my hero 😘❤ thanks
good great meeting in the oval office tonight with the nra!
rt tomorrow is taxday and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old broken code check…
for president of the united states! vice president a winningticket2016 trumpcruz2016
board room finale of this week’s allstar will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goes…its great!
the article shakedown schneiderman about ny state lightweight is amazing
“nbc fires trump keeps sharpton the bigots of the nbc executive suite look the other way” via by
james clapper and others stated that there is no evidence potus colluded with russia this story is fake news and everyone knows it!
thank you for helping me celebrate agreatcause while accepting the commandant’s leadership award!
when are you going to give us the big news about your new real estate deal? looking forward to hearing about it! soon!
the fed is considering issuing even more us bond debt into the market not good!
via by trump obama shouldn’t attack americans overseas hillary’s email was ‘criminal
never quit and always hit back the art of the comeback
thanks for the positive words of wisdom!
he got the president to show his birth certificate! he has clout my friend! he can really stir things up!
entrepreneurs be passionate you have to love what youre doing to be successful at it
entrepreneurs set the example and youll be a magnet for the right people thats the best way to work with people you like
thank you for your support in biloxi ms! lets all get out and vote in 2016 so we can makeamericagreatagain!
shooting promos for trumponsnl with cecily and
anytime!
my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york timesnot bad and were only going to get better!
the soon to be released book “the russia hoax the illicit scheme to clear hillary clinton and frame donald trump” written by gregg jarrett looks like a real deal big hit the phony witch hunt will be opened up for the world to see! out in 5 weeks
thats right we need a travel ban for certain dangerous countries not some politically correct term that wont help us protect our people!
amy is a sap!! sharpton loves suckers like her! true she is a fool!
why cant the leaders of the republican party see that i am bringing in new voters by the millionswe are creating a larger stronger party!
lord grant that i may always desire more than i can accomplish michelangelo
bad survey shows 30 of businesses not hiring they are worried they won’t be around in a year
i keep saying you should run for president!
also coming up the celebrity apprentice returns sunday night march 6 at 9 pm est
should have been more aggressive last night yet some polls have him winning the debate
the golden rule of negotiation he who has the gold makes the rules read art of the deal and how to get rich
barack obama is not who you think he is most overrated politician in us history
does anybody really believe that a reporter who nobody ever heard of went to his mailbox and found my tax returns? fake news !
amazing day in dubai! launch of the trump estates with
the recession was made worse by a $900billion deficit is not getting better
weekly address🇺🇸 kateslaw nosanctuaryforcriminalsactstatement
they then used to start an investigation about trump it is that simple this guy is the genesis of this whole debacle this was a political hit job this was not an intelligence investigation brennan has disgraced himself he’s worried about staying out of jail” dan bongino
nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag if they do there must be consequences perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
look at the factsthose millions were made into billions by mr trump and its still growing! true!
hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the atlantic!
my christmas wish! trump for pres in 2016 trump2016
is a very brave woman who caught her fathers killer she visited ivanka and me at trump tower today
i am a lifelong democrat and i will be voting trump!!!! democratsfortrump great!
trump we are all serious you better be president friend
you got my vote! but please dont make the middle class suffer more! i have complete faith in you donald!
may not agree with your political stance but your golf courses are unreal thx i think
i hate to admit it but im with you on this one
scary – in the past 90 days obama has set over 6125 regulatory burdens terrible for the economy
rosie o’donnell went after me again on the view in order to stir up her failing ratings nothing will help her always fails
do you plan on making any campaign stops in west virginia? yes soon
no discounts only penalties!
the sp are losers they did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio… cont
watch my endorsement of
i will be going to aberdeen scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of trump international golf linkspress conference
you dominate not because of thembut despite themthey need you more than you need them
new cbs poll shows defections from cruzs core supporters and increased support for not surprising
it was my comment not ive played on nicer par 3 courses than usopen
ann romney is a fantastic lady she was great in thanking people last night!
gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in fl—they’re afraid of miami—can’t believe their luck!
the dems want to stop tax cuts good healthcare and border securitytheir obamacare is dead with 100 increases in ps vote now for karen h
obama’s speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know itwow he really feels emboldened
great job on fox n friends this morning very well spoken and presidential trumptrain
another great charity that the $5m could go to just a recommendation to the pres the wounded warriors represented so well by
i think im anticipating the next season of celebrity apprentice more than the start of football season
rt photosfromthefield aerial photos from our rescue crews earlier today harvey tmdharvey
thank you for your continued support! makeamericagreatagain
you have just been put on notice we stand with you makeamericagreatagain thankyou
these politicians like cruz and graham who have watched isis and many other problems develop for years do nothing to make things better!
too wanna hear the truth? listen to donald trump its that simple
today our entire nation pauses to remember pearl harbor—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for america god bless our heroes who wear the uniform and god bless the united states of america pearlharborremembranceday🇺🇸
i am calling on congress to terminate the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security
i am southafrican and i can say you are 100 correct lately we are starting to live in fear notgood
our gov’t should immediately stop sending $’s to mexico no friend until they release marine and stop allowing immigrant inflow into us
mike pence will be speaking at todays marchforlife you have our full support!
we need a president with strength stamina heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again!
claims that his koran apology calmed things down us troops were killed by cont
rt jeb is a weak guy
the donald has done great all over!!!!! thank you!
after super tuesday every gop candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they cant get the nomination
this building is awesome kind of neat if donald becomes either the potus or the vpotus mk
wtf free to the immigrants? but the rest of us that have to bust out asses just to get by have to pay?
apprentice i cant wait either love the show! thanks
again to our very foolish leader do not attack syria if you do many very bad things will happen and from that fight the us gets nothing!
just as i predicted was a complete disaster in china he condoned the chinese onechild policy an… cont
id vote trump for president ten times over trueleadership thank you
ever see in performance? they’re fantastic and so are penn and teller don’t miss them celebapprentice
what do you think should be done about gun control in the us?all good folks that have a gun should control it!
returns to allstars this season his streak of chaos and havoc continues!
thank you andy!
“i pride myself on being obstinate stubborn and tough i think those are important qualities found in successful people” – think big
thanks jacqueline
so general michael flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while shadey james comey can leak and lie and make lots of money from a third rate book that should never have been written is that really the way life in america is supposed to work? i don’t think so!
for the record i think rocks and i would never boycott celebapprentice the entire trump family is amazing
what are your thoughts on this drama? paula has to stop apologizing and get back to work!
badratings show failed at 8 pm and is failingeven worse at 10 pm not long for tv
in memory of joan rivers watch when she became my celebrity apprentice which meant so much to her!
“do not view any failure as the end learn your lessons quickly then move on” – think big
so sad that and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in oklahoma dishonest reporting!
i have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and i believe i finally have one go donald thanks
thank you for the kind words i am very proud of the role model you are for so many nh and ia radio ad
i build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost nothing our government spent almost $535 000 000 for nothing
rt video muslim migrant beats up dutch boy on crutches!
rpvirginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row will now not allow desperately needed new voters suicidal mistake rnc must act now!
is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last nighthes afraid to make the wager
new york states lightweight ag is driving business and jobs out of ny look into his pasthe shouldnt even be allowed to hold office!
the only thing i ever watch on tv is s all star celebrity apprentice truestory
i am on my way to singapore where we have a chance to achieve a truly wonderful result for north korea and the world it will certainly be an exciting day and i know that kim jongun will work very hard to do something that has rarely been done before
really like the ties have a handful and they are my favorite use them well!
we need to run and we would be good
sorry i won’t be able to do at 7 am on monday—will be in india
rt clinton email led to execution in iran?
breaking news sarah palin has endorsed donald trump in the gop primary appeal to tea party loyalists
huge supporter of your political beliefs! staytrumping donald! i will!
do what you love work hard keep your focus and your momentum intact good luck!
as families prepare for summer vacations in our national parks democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government terrible!
watched you on made some excellent points best wishes
congratulations to the movement we have just won the great state of oregon the vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! thank you
gee with was getting terrible ratings then with me he set records i saved his job but chuck still not nice!
thanks for hosting our 5/21 presidents dinner honoring founder fr joseph fessio and
your tweets made my night
will be at the womens us open today!
look forward to being in tampa this afternoon wonderful crowds thank you florida!
today will be a big day for you in many ways the country is lucky
the great workers who just completed the skylight at trump international hotel dc old post office
you will be the savior of the city of buffalo please buy the bills
we cant let this happen we should march on washington and stop this travesty our nation is totally divided!
just arrived in west virginia for a make america great again rally in huntington at 7 00 pm e massive crowd expected tune in! maga🇺🇸
trump blows them all away! hes our next president! trump2016
mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now it’s no longer laughter—it’s disbelief
i believe in you go for it
repeal and replace!!! obamacareinthreewords
as president i will bring jobs back and get wages up for americans who need it most
happy anniversary to my wonderful wife a truly great decision by me!
has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like solyndra he is an economic ignoramus
congratulations to on joining on crossfire show will be excellent!
will be speaking to president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that i inherited in the middle east i will get it all done but what a mistake in lives and dollars 6 trillion to be there in the first place!
word is that they have far more evidence on arod than they have on ryan braun! alex is over
even bill is tired of the lies sad!
did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of and the very dumb ben smith
as our country rapidly grows stronger and smarter i want to wish all of my friends supporters enemies haters and even the very dishonest fake news media a happy and healthy new year 2018 will be a great year for america!
what you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals goethe
thanks to everyone for your support on “top leaders icons and rebels” vv thanks for voting trump!
casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent from a directors point of view steven spielberg
just what i needed to hear love to be a follower of youre amazing mr trump! thanks
after 1 year of investigation with zero evidence being found chuck schumer just stated that democrats should blame ourselvesnot russia
success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except moneyjohnny cash
happy to announce i am nominating alex azar to be the next hhs secretary he will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
rt and i look forward to being on tonight at 9 pm ! makeamericagreatagain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
your family and dad are greatyour mother must have been amazing!
hillarys staff thought her email scandal might just blow over who would trust these people with national security?
the sex scandal at the cia and pentagon is rapidly unfoldinggetting more interesting by the minute!
will vote for you if you run thanks
must see interview! jim gardner one on one donald trump full inte…
thanks erol
isis is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our southern border we need a wall deduct costs from mexico!
everyone should look at what he has done and take notes if you want to be successful thx
many people think that wm23 “the battle of the billionaires” was the greatest of all time—set all records
inspires me soo much great!
most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent thats politics!
hillary clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past she is totally confused unfit to serve as potus
via maralago to host top equestrian jumpers trump invitational will benefit 90 area charities
thanks donald now run for president! fulfill your purpose! to much is given much is required
glad to see my interview with ronald kessler hopefully the can get the message
well anywaygive em hell on the flight ban to ebola regions
i cant wait to vote for makeamericagreatagain
i will bring jobs back and get wages up people havent had a real wage increase in almost twenty years clinton killed jobs!
obama is looking rhetorical and weak is looking strong and sharp
obama is not a leader hes just a campaigner!
im with you
any idea where dwight howard is going? he willdo best in houston!
hi jean
please be our next president!!!!! we will all vote for you!!!!!!
remember as a senator obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling i guess things change when president?!
why should obamacare be delayed for businesses and not working families? with premiums rising at record levels it is not equitable
katy what the hell were you thinking when you married loser russell brand there is a guy who has got nothing going a waste!
nielson media research final numbers on acceptance speech trump 322 million clinton 278 million thank you!
in the ridiculous ad about me jeb is speaking to me during the debate but doesnt allow my answer which destroys him so sad!
trumppaul 2016 ?
crippled america is perfect gift for friends and family order signed copy and join me tonite live streaming 7 30
9 million more out of work because of this bad dealwill have over 100 million out of work nice going obama
great interview on trump thank you
flashbackfriday crookedhillary
true courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow thats what courage is gen norman schwarzkopf 19342012
rt thoughts and prayers for those in texas and louisiana i am closely monitoring harvey develo pm ents along with and
thanks for your nice statement i just want to do as well as you have with see u soon
so funny the democrats have sued the republicans for winning now he r’s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material including servers and emails!
after seven horrible years of obamacare skyrocketing premiums and deductibles bad healthcare this is finally your chance for a great plan!
trump4prez
while the next season of is packed w/ all stars ours fans will be happy to see in the board roomshe is back!
interesting and often true!
starting next week and by popular demand plus good ratings nbc will broadcast only two hour episodes of celebrity apprentice at 9 pm
watching celebrityapprentice and is pure class!!!! 😊👍❤
wow i’m at 2200000 followers but i’d love to get rid of the haters and losers—they’re such a waste of time!
when i said in an interview that putin is not going into ukraine you can mark it down i am saying if i am president already in crimea!
the mayor of san jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people the thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
im a republican but not a fan of the last george bushhe also was a lousy president iraq etc in fact he was so bad he gave us obama!
good morning i admire your leadership and look forward to hearing you speak next week thank you!
thanks kim
stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the people
well then run and ill vote for you merry christmas!
i think gaga is greather 1st major appearance at my miss universe pageant in vietnam/6 yrs ago should give me 25
miss alabama katherine webb has been a truly great representative of the ms usa organization we are proud of her!
how important do you think college is? especially during these times very important
“if you strike out nobody is going to help younot your friends not the government you have to look to look out for yourself”think big
i agree!
delayed the keystone pipeline decision until 2013 now canada is looking to export more oil to china
greatest sign in all of illinois!!!
the state of florida is so embarrassed by the antics of crooked hillary clinton and debbie wasserman schultz that they will vote for change!
lightweight marco rubio was working hard last night the problem is he is a choker and once a choker always a choker! mr meltdown
to all of those who asked i predicted two weeks ago and again last night that dwight howard would go to houstondo i get congratsinsight?
today it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of jerome powell to be the next chairman of the
how dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and illequipped soldiers over to west africa to fight ebola stop all flights
are nfl games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? in any event im just not watching them much anymore!
heading to youngstown ohio now some great polls americafirst
oppressive regimes cannot endure forever and the day will come when the iranian people will face a choice the world is watching!
book on bin laden is a terrible violation of codemakes story a big lie
offense and good luck on the new show but remember you started it!
via by “buzz builds for
just lied about donaldtrump dana trump did not say all are criminals and rapists proudamerican nolying
trump is headed for a win says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes
congratulations to my catholic friends on the selection of pope francis i to lead the catholic church people that know him love him!
a great day in new hampshire and maine fantastic crowds and energy! maga
should run for president! what a great vote to make! thank you
great numbers on stocks and the economy if we get tax cuts and reform well really see some great results!
trumptower is one of the countrys top tourist destinations
in life you don´t get what you want you get what you negotiate donald trump
president obama you have a big job to do go to baltimore and bring both sides together with proper leadership it can be done! do it
donald the course you have given us in scotland is world class! thank you!
your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone donald j trump
thats what a president of united states should sound like trumpforpresident
are you going to be at this year? i cant wait to hear from you there!
great job by all law enforcement officers and boston mayor
i agree thank mr trump fantastic golf in the uk you have built
entrepreneurs is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? keep things in perspective learn to expect problems and keep moving forward
it’s monday how much will premiums rise today because of obamacare? repeal!
with multiple space options is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding
our is really starting the summer on the right foot with their wellness program as seen in
via trump id be better meet the press host than moron chuck todd
vietnam veterans against mccain
why cant run our country? the man knows his stuff!!
entrepreneurs when negotiating dont be an open book know that the only person on your side might be yourself
the military and navy seals should be given more credit for bin ladens death not obama who works hard to take cont
sir we need an efficient government and im sure as a businessman youre great at it true!
paul ryan said that i inherited something very special the republican party wrong i didnt inherit it i won it with millions of voters!
big republican dinner tonight at maralago in palm beach i will be there!
i think everyone will like my new and very successful book crippled america go get it and let me know what you think!
donald trump is full of honesty and sincerity😇on the other hand hillary is a total liar👿
we need someone like or himself for president in 2016! thank you!
national review may be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by no talent means death sad!
is bankrupting this country his budget adds another $44t to the debt putting us over $20t in total debt by 2016
why is always campaigning or on vacation?
“being an entrepreneur is a big task so what can you do to prepare? first and foremost expand your focus” midas touch
you have a cool name for a president donald j trump ill pick yod.c. winner in any race! thx
my interview discussing the gop primary gas prices the doral purchase and my outlook on the economy
what a statesman! made sure to quickly call the muslim brotherhood victor to congratulate him on cont
i have never liked the media term mass deportation but we must enforce the laws of the land!
do you think i will get credit for keeping ford in us who cares my supporters know the truth think what can be done as president!
child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of bbci know personally they do not check for accuracy
“discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success questions are thoughts with a quest” – think like a champion
donald we are always supporting other countries often times because were stupid we make bad deals!
news max is a great news organization and its pres debate in ia on dec 27 will be fair balanced and informative
i will be interviewed on at 8 00 am enjoy!
i dont care what anyone says ill take trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is!
weve got some political sstuffthat has to gobut youwhy dont you run for president?
rt with a strong candidate in and revolutionary data program republicans carried wi for 1st time in 30 years
rt jared kushner and dina powell in the oval office today w/ aya and her brother basel w…
celebapprentice i will be live tweetingno spoilers during tonights all new at 8 pm et
obama is now warning north korea on the yongbyon nuclear reactor after syria our enemies are laughing!
i have never been interested in politics but because of you i want to get my political science degree trump2016 great!
very nicethanks
“lifestyle unveils trump home brand in gcc” via
why would ohio listen to bruce springsteen reading his lines? be careful or i will go to ohio and will win it!
the greatest commodity to own is land it is finite god is not making any more of it
im always amazed when i travel to my foreign propertiesseeing the trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal
sorry link above not working heres good link and jeb apologize!
why isnt president obama working instead of campaigning for hillary clinton?
congratulations and good luck you will do a great job for our wonderful usa!
we know you are a patriotwe are grateful for youyou love americaamerica loves you
watch joe bidens long history of grabbing kissing and groping women who are cringing
good morning i will be on fox and friends at 700 30 minutes enjoy!
working on major trade deal with the united kingdom could be very big and exciting jobs! the ed.c.ery protectionist with the us stop!
melania and i were honored to welcome argentina president and first lady juliana awada to t…
i am in trump international hotel las vegas getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight look forward hope i get treated fairly!
watching on nbc playing great golf tiger won the wgc cadillac championship at trump national doral this year i love tiger!
i am a cautious optimist call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks
what america needs follows in steps of kemp and reagan with progrowth tax cut
the us navy wants to go green our navy should use the best and most powerful fuel and not play games give me a break!
will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 6 00 am enjoy!
as the took their 16th vacation this month unemployment is back to 9 and underemployment at cont
thank you to for your nice statement about me in the
in the uk taxpayers are wasting £24 million on wind farms that dont even operate they cont
what a fantastic test of championship golf congratulations to team trump on a superb result all round best
based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the lockheed martin f35 i have asked boeing to priceout a comparable f18 super hornet!
double digit premium increases because of obamacare dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election but news is spreading fast!
ive always said the country needs to be run like a major corporation it takes a brilliant businessman power donaldtrump
reigning champion does great work with donate to an injured warrior today
i think itd be cool if ran in 2016 hed get my vote great!
if a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the nflor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect
wow really nice!
i will represent our country well and fight for its interests! fake news media will never cover me accurately but who cares! we will maga!
plz run for president and get this country back on track! plzzzzz!
how is abc television allowed to have a show entitled blackish? can you imagine the furor of a show whiteish! racism at highest level?
my support of anna wintour for ambassador got a lot of coverage she is smart and will be a strong advocate for the us
why dont you run for president? i think you would win and be a great president! trumpforpresident thanks!
the new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages it is another monstrosity a la obamacare
our new miss usa alyssa campanella came up to my office today for a visit were proud to have her as our new title holder
will be rerunning objectified donald trump the ratings hit produced by the great harvey levin of tmz at 8 00 pm enjoy!
i swear ill work for one day watch out
i hear of rapidly fading is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run this will guarantee a crooked hillary win
greatand great city!
excellent taste in trump wine i love trump red and white! thanks
watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on donald j trumps fabulous world of golf 9 pm et on golf channel
say what you will about trump but he sure is amassing a hell of a collections of golf courses! true the best in the world
for president its reality he is reality and he is the only one capable of making the necessary changes
rio de janeiro joins the in 2016 it’s going to be a spectacular hotel!
donald trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the bronx thank you
the failing has become a news paper of fiction their stories about me always quote nonexistent unnamed sources very dishonest!
the trump signature collection exclusively available at is the pinnacle of style and prestige
mr president youre entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house but not to your own facts
a clip from where i take audience on the katie coach
and his incredible wife did a fabulous movie see it!
pigs get slaughtered … again ft lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after trump trial victory
i enjoyed my intetview with only hope it is fairly edited!
madeinamerica🇺🇸📸
young entrepreneurs – remember that your first deals are the most important of your career win and gain confidence
omalley as former mayor of baltimore has very little chance
i really hope is running for president
iraq was one of our biggest mistakes we got absolutely nothing for our sacrificesthe country will collapse cont
thank you! such a small thing but you make my day! god bless you mr trump!
obama and all others have been so weak and so politically correct that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! shame
marine plane crash in mississippi is heartbreaking melania and i send our deepest condolences to all!
hey donald where can i purchase a trump2016 campaign shirt? any details soon?
united nations resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on north korea over one billion dollars in cost to nk
i am delighted that you are getting to experience doonbeg in glorious sunshine enjoy your visit it was fantastic thx
i am enjoying my travels across europe but home is where the heart is looking forward to coming back to the family in new york very soon
midas touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests
doesnt want to remove assad worries what comes next
we love him! i love his truth telling that hes so real and calls it how he sees it trump2016
bombings all over iraq todaythat country is falling apartsuch a horrible waste of lives and 15 trillion dollars and i told you so!
via the washington times mr trump buzzes the presidential radar
if we are going to continue to be stupid and go into syria watch russia as they say in the movies shoot first and talk later!
as i’ve said many times before jon stewart is highly overrated
thank you we will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
hillary clinton just had her 47 moment what a terrible thing she said about so many great americans!
the primary plaintiff in the phony trump university suit wants to abandon the case disgraceful!
thank you rand!
the are going to have a terrific season and will do great things on the field
rt i endorse it’s time to unite behind the candidate who will beat hillary clinton and return government …
as isis and ebola spread like wildfire the obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change aka global warming
first time in thetrump international hotel and tower and its absolutely gorgeous!! thankyou sir! excellent hospitality
please run in 2016! youd be perfect for america! thanks!
enjoying looking over the water from your chicago hotel with my wife on our 5th anniversary great place!
why does and waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist stuart stevens who lost big for romney on the show?
fake news a total political witch hunt!
also tomorrow night i will be going to boone and ames really look forward to seeing all of my friends in iowa
great and best of luck!
in january 12 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather
lavar you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during thanksgiving with your son in china but no nba contract to support you but remember lavar shoplifting is not a little thing it’s a really big deal especially in china ungrateful fool!
lead in reuters national poll
on at 10 00 pm
our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow americans suffering from the storms and tornadoes
she truly is and well spoken and gracious
thank you jill marlon and all for the amazing and personal service chicagosbesthotel trump2016 thanks
our wonderful new healthcare bill is now out for review and negotiation obamacare is a complete and total disaster is imploding fast!
i live here in chicago and i love it!!! your building is amazing as is your sign!! thank you
way to destroy a view
ive realized that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus nothing less
scottish government having huge backlash on wind turbines is becoming very unpopular
i will be going to new hampshire today home of my first primary victory to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday 2 30 pm
cruz is hated in new york he should go home no place for a phony
there should be an all star nba notattoo teamwould there be anyone available?
very proud to say i live a few miles from this and supported this project from day one thanks james!
victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail thank you
how quickly people forget that crooked hillary called africanamerican youth super predators has she apologized?
nobody could have done what i’ve done for puertorico with so little appreciation so much work!
when do you expect the course to be finished? november
looking at the figures and plans behind acquisition of lucas film makes you realize how stupid cont
i’m at tonight but will be doing a few tweets i know the episode well celebapprentice
i was at and met juan williams in passing he asked if he could have pictures taken with me i said fine he then trashes on air!
thank you for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing daily beast off the air really cool!
what are hillary clintons people complaining about with respect to the fbi based on the information they had she should never
will be doing a joint press conference in hanoi vietnam then heading for final destination of trip the phillipines
should release all his records like other presidents
kim jong un of north korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision the alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
people must remember that obamacare just doesnt work and it is not affordable 116 increases arizona bill clinton called it crazy
leaving now for texas!
celebapprentice time for the first firing of the night
check her records!
yes it will happen
i am in istanbulturkey just opened magnificent trumptowers a big hit
thank you to the robb report the best of the best issue for just naming trump international golf links the best new golf course in world!
watching im thinking donaldtrump for president 🙏🙏🙏 please run ill vote 👍🇺🇸
70 stories over panama bay deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views
thank you i will be trying very hard to prove you right great show!
“ winning isnt everything but the will to win is everything vince lombardi” 👌
now tell the truth
is such an embarrassment that is keeping him off air rove should be out of politics a total loser!
donald e ballard on behalf of the people of the united states thank you for your courageous service you inspire us all! alconv2017
business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling keep it short fast and direct think like a champion
i am signing copies of my book crippled america order yours nowmakes a great holiday gift!
to all struggling young entrepreneursstay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals they are out there
shock people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at events
if was the president all our problems would be fixed we would be doing great!
if runs for president in 2016 ill be old enough to vote to put him in office wooh! trump2016
my mind would explode with happiness if donald trump was elected president
visually the best golf course i have ever played! trump international golf links thanks
the new season of the celebrity apprentice is off to a great start last night it swept the 10 pm hour in every key demographic
you are so right as usual you should run but it be a big pay cut you are what we need thank you!
governor jerry “moonbeam” brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include 1 kidnapping and robbery 2 badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize 3 dealing drugs is this really what the great people of california want?
i will be interviewed by at 6 pm et tonight
for a long time i thought you were so nasty now after reading your tweets i changed my mind great!
we boarded the helicopter for sarasota earlier and will be landing soon! see you there trump2016
great news that the new york stock exchange wont be owned by a german company european regulators turned the cont
not only is your iq somewhere between barack obama and gwbushbut youre entertaining!much higher than both
good for you mr trump for speaking up for america youre the only one thats real
your las vegas hotel is beautiful too!! thank you
honestly could run this country better than anyone in dc i agree!!!!
andy mccarthy will be on tonight 7 00 pm
friends in ny9 let know that you dont approve of his mistreatment of vote for tomorrow!
a great morning with everyone thank you! off to new hampshire now trump2016
always enjoy your common sense wish the ones in office would use theirs
masa softbank of japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the us toward businesses and 50000 new jobs
going there for my honeymoon in october cant wait great!
flashback “nyers were grateful when donald trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the wollman rink”
dems failed in kansas and are now failing in georgia great job karen handel! it is now hollywood vs georgia on june 20th
bring cash jobs and hope back to america and run for president!! not much hope in our country right now
scary over 8332000 americans left the work force during obamas first term how did romney lose that election?
big crowd expected today in pensacola florida for a make america great again speech we have done so much in so short a period of timeand yet are planning to do so much more! see you there!
after four years of getting the runaround america needs a turnaround and the man for the job is governor mitt romney
you might just be the best president to come along this whole dam century but thats up to you? thanks
so far the super bowl is very boring not nearly as exciting as politics make america great again!
you have conquered so much in business your children will carry on your legacy now make america great again!!! trump2016
trump finalizes agreement for trump international hotel the old post office building washington dc
trust me its been a while we saw an american as a president i am for sir donald
the gridiron dinner last night was great fun i am accomplishing a lot in washington and have never had a better time doing something and especially since this is for the american people!
will do much better
as a candidate i promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working americans if you make your voices heard this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning – the dawn of a brilliant american future shining with patriotism prosperity and pride!
i love because hes brave fearless and he s got willpower to move america forward!!! votetrump2016
it is now a fact that president obama lied in order to get obamacare passedthat is fraud and the legislation should be recindedinteresting
debate polls look great thank you! maga americafirst
cruz is done
our economy has had worst recovery under obama since the depression results of his policies speak for themselves no new taxes!
trump has figured out jeb bushs greatest weakness as a candidate and its not his energy level
coming together is a beginning keeping together is progress working together is success henry ford
a great ad from showing a few of the 23 million unemployed who need economic change take it to him mitt!
i just won a big court decision ny post against some character who claimed i owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties
is always hard to missespecially when dressed in silver finery but not sure about the silver lipstick celebapprentice
via trump says he’ll foot bill for white house tours
watch this video for a look at our great course in los angeles rancho palos verdes
what would you do if a large group of muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of jesus? oh really be cool!
president donald trump just getting used to it wow very nice!
amazing has actually found a government program he can cut in half the defense departmentbad cont
thank god its over!
trumpvlog needs to rest and relax its not working
please help with their petition to the white house for a national strategy for the autism epidemic
via by trump to speak at in west des moines
wow no longer saturday delivery from us postal service no money our poor poor country!
dont miss my fabulous world of golf now in its second season on golf channel beginning january 31 at 9 pm et celebrity matches and more
im eagerly awaiting the next polls the debate performance could be devastating to the obama team lets see what happens
mitt romney matches sitting president in fundraising for aprilnot an easy thing to do bad news for cont
picked up my 7th trump tie today!! great!
good luck joe!
lightweight is driving business out of new york for his own public relations benefit a real dope!
the media has been speculating that i fired rex tillerson or that he would be leaving soon fake news ! he’s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects i call the final shots we work well together and america is highly respected again!
can’t wait for follow up piece discussing my large sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
president obama has a major meeting on the nyc ebola outbreak with people flying in from all over the country but decided to play golf!
i read your article and reread the old one brilliant as usual! so colorful! thank you!
can anyone imagine chafee as president? no way
wow honored to just pass 25m followers on thanks to all my followers we are going to have a great year together
a beautiful view from my office today
that is beautiful
my interview from last night with discussing ows
can you imagine the boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms legs and worse!
jeb and marco owe it to their contributors to admit they have no chance of winning and figure out how to pay back everyone
via “trending trump a rightleaning tower at cpac” by
on beautiful lake norman offers a state of the art clubhouse to complement its championship course
congratulation to adam scott and all of the folks at trump national doral on producing a really great wgc tournament amazing finish!
the forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer from this moment on it’s going to be americafirst🇺🇸
isnt it sad that on a day of national tragedy hillary clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on
bernie sanders gave hillary the dem nomination when he gave up on the emails that issue has only gotten bigger!
i will be doing the als ice bucket challenge this morning on twitter it is not something i look forward to doing but is for a good cause
what could donald possibly say that romney mccain santorum palin and bachmann havent plenty
a guy named on fox their resident liberal was not born with much of a brain
bless you sir safe trip!!! thanks
just the beginning and it is going to get worse rates and deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it
surely an amazing thing for america if you run the country great mind at work! would make us great again!
2016 obamas america is expanding to over 1000 theaters this weekend will be highest grossing documentary in 2012 !!
china’s stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses their market gains the day we are hit by storm
“governments first duty is to protect the people not run their lives” – ronald reagan
enviro friendly? ap impact obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles birds despite federal laws
legendary basketball coach bobby knight who has 900 wins many championships and a gold medal will be introducing…
rt tune in joins tonight at 9p et on channel! hannityat9
spoton however fools reject and even rage at truths king solomon
congratulations america we are now into the second year of the greatest witch hunt in american historyand there is still no collusion and no obstruction the only collusion was that done by democrats who were unable to win an election despite the spending of far more money!
crowd goes wild for trump at sc summit! in i know hes in his scoobydoo van
windmills are the greatest threat in the us to both bald and golden eagles media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse
just back from a fabulous 2 days in doonbeg what a hotel !! thanks
icebucketchallenge for those of you who wanted a picture here it is
just announced that because of trump advertising rates for debate on are going from $5000 to $200000 a 4000 increasepay charity?
does he look sharp smart and presidentialhis hands keep hitting the podium making a loud and distracting noisemicrophone too sensitive
the only forbes 5 star and 5 diamond hotel with a 5 star and 5 diamond restaurant offers elite luxury
today it was my honor to sign s2155 the economic growth regulatory relief and consumer protection act” read more
he needs to stop all visas not look at them!
jay sekulow on now
true i read it great book mr trump thanks
it would be nice if our commanderinchief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens
thank you roanoke virginia be back soon! trumppence16
rt trump fires new warning shot at mcconnell leaves door open on whether he should step down
i got some ties the quality is unparalleled at that price point
creativity and control can go hand in hand brainpower is the ultimate leverage
i will be making my announcement on the next secretary of state tomorrow morning
drain the swamp should be changed to drain the sewer its actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the fake news !
a wonderfully written article concerning israel by
predicts that is golfs greatest builder today bluemonster aberdeen ferrypoint
did you know donald trump is on facebook? become a fan today!
okayhi maria!
obama’s statement that illegals “can’t stay” obama’s promise “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it”
we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values americafirst
rand paul or whoever votes against hcare bill will forever future political campaigns be known as the republican who saved obamacare
dont let hillary clinton do it again! trumppence16
new polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with madeup stories and lies and got caught
great segment again today dgreat way to start the monday!
how do you feel that the central park 5 were innocent innocent of whathow many people did they mugg?
weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character albert einstein
love brandi is on your show!
the failure of the super committee shows washington has truly incompetent leaders timetogettough
happy new year sandra
guess what folksthe obamacare website just went down again what a disaster
u are the peoples hero trump 2016 youve got my vote! thanks
you sir are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader we need a proven businessman who is a born leader!
heres my message to america is a capitalistic country get over it and get on with it! timetogettough
when asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls replies its cheaper than wall paper ha!
russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at syria get ready russia because they will be coming nice and new and “smart!” you shouldn’t be partners with a gas killing animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
change is not a destination just as hope is not a strategy rudy giuliani
rt trump winning over latino republicans poll says new york post
via march2013 jeb said “he was open to…pathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants” lying on campaign trail!
please do not forget the great help that my good friend president xi of china has given to the united states particularly at the border of north korea without him it would have been a much longer tougher process!
in the end youre measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish!
a great night of watching thank you mr
tbt filming an oreo commercial with eli manning peyton manning and darrell hammond
it was my great honor to visit with our heroes last night at walter reed medical center there is nobody like them!
tedcruz for president? haha really you should run as support for not as a candidate
join me in wisconsin tomorrow or colorado on tuesday!green bay 6 pm springs 1 pm …
is president obama trying to destroy israel with all his bad moves? think about it and let me know!
watching episode 1 of the new season of the apprentice in melbourne australia! its boardroom time!! love this show!!
rt happy fathers day to all dads my dad like father like son supporters to the end he an airborne ra…
when is celebrity apprentice coming back? its the best show on tv donaldtrump yourefired in the fall
she could share an apartment with casey anthony! very witty but not very funny!
just leaving for in iowastanding room only my great honor
the only reason president obama wants to attack syria is to save face over his very dumb red line statement do not attack syriafix usa
is roger simon ever right about anything? now hes attacking in defense of cont
once again speech at yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing cont
my interview discussing last night’s presidential debate my stock picks and tomorrow’s big announcement
“presidential proclamation on adjusting imports of steel into the united states” proclamation
please do our nation a favor and run for president!! trump2016 somebody good better do that and fast!
so exciting! i have agreed to be the commencement speaker at our great naval academy on may 25th in annapolis maryland looking forward to being there
make your life as groundbreaking as possible while also minding the tides and riptides around you think like a champion
just took off for ceremony @ pearl harbor will then be heading to japan skorea china vietnam and the philippines will never let you down!
when you are in a war or even a battle losing is not an option!
roger ailes just called he is a great guy and assures me that “trump” will be treated fairly on his word is always good!
will we ever see trump run in 2016? askdonaldtrump
if you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself
are gas prices going to skyrocket due to instability in iraq? no due to a weak and incompetent us govt
great architect!
as ridiculous as it sounds the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our southern border back where they came from a whole big wasted procedure must take place mexico and canada have tough immigration laws whereas ours are an obama joke act congress
roadway steel on beautiful verrazanonarrows bridge is rusting and rotting away scrape and paint before too late
bluntness is thy name oh donald trump!you call it as it is regardless whose ox is gored
ferry point looks awesome! it should definitely get some major/championship events sometime soon
make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration even president obama agrees
my donald trump tie is my prized possession in my closet! great!
don’t wear a “rug”—it’s mine and i promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work
while not at all presidential i must point out that the sloppy michael moore show on broadway was a total bomb and was forced to close sad!
jusr arrived at the studio the place is going wild! live at 8 pm celebrityapprentice
eli manning great athlete great guy great teamwork!
jeb bush just announced he raised over $100m everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of america!
great win in kansas last night for ron estes easily winning the congressional race against the dems who spent heavily and predicted victory!
i cant wait to watch this season of celebrityapprentice i cant wait to watch dominate!
another masterpiece donald!
ill be signing copies of my new book time to get tough today at trump tower11 am to 2 pm hope to see you there timetogettough
despite the false story about jeb bush being happy with the trump surge he fell more than anybody and is miserable
love your top 3 negotiating tips! 1 trust your gut 2 patience is a virture 3 view conflict as an opportunity! awesome!
clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on brexit with big dollar ads disgraceful!
trump helps ‘snl’ blow roof off the ratings most viewers since 2012
circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants
what is the solution mr trump? leadership!
thank you america! get out and vote tomorrow! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
i see poll numbers are improving good man doing a good job
so true! much love donald❤️!
the us has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders how nice but what do we get? not enough
north korea has announced that they will dismantle nuclear test site this month ahead of the big summit meeting on june 12th thank you a very smart and gracious gesture!
obama was beaten but not knocked out he lives to fight another day but in the real world presidents are not given a second chance
i care about are country and that is why ill vote for if he runs he better run coz amercia needs saving and fast
thank you for reminding me watch/ set my pvr for the apprentice tonight! thank you bill
the media tries so hard to make my move to the white house as it pertains to my business so complex when actually it isnt!
trump you got my vote with your proven resume os success people would be nuts not to vote for you trump2016
congratulations to my head pro of trump international golf club florida john nieporte for qualifying for the us open!
happy 5th anniversary to cant believe its already been 5 years
leadership the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it dwight d eisenhower
chuck hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays senate panelour new secretary of defense
china has agreed to buy massive amounts of additional farm/agricultural products would be one of the best things to happen to our farmers in many years!
donald trump for president 2016! america let your voices be heard
congrats on your purchase in ireland how do i apply to work there? write to manager joseph good luck!
these last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4 gdp obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in american history
rt join me in colorado today! look forward to seeing you!denver 2 pm springs 6 pm https /…
get ready for two amazing episodes of celebrity apprentice tomorrow night monday at 8 00 some incredible things happen!
more people r gravitating to because theyre tired of all the usual bs
on 59th and park avenue trump park avenue transformed the legendary hotel delmonico into 120 luxury residences
rt strong administration leads to a strong response
most people in the us want to be presidentreally nice votefortrump
you were fantastic last night on celebrity apprentice everybody loved you!
ive been awake but now see a chance of real hope with trump
the wall street journal asks “where in the world was barack obama?” a very good question!
i will be on tonight at 10 pm hannity
since election day on november 8 the stock market is up more than 25 unemployment is at a 17 year low and companies are coming back to us
what is happening in atlantic city casino closures is very sad but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? timing
i cant stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyers residential markettry to buy directly from a bank
i will be on tonight at 10 pm now i know she will get great ratings!
canceled cable sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over clinton listened to your great speech on youtube
how did obama go to a las vegas fundraiser on 912 the day after he refused to send help to americans in benghazi?
via by aboard donald trump’s 757 at the south carolina tea party convention
speaker seems to have gained strength in house—a good thing!
be careful!
has another meltdown … while giving a check for $40000 to michael’s charity the sue duncan center celebapprentice
president obama wants to hand over even more past tax returns he should when reveals his college applications
agree that yod.c.res would be a great change but i dont think this country can be turned around in 8 years it can be done!
usa has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals we need change! bigleaguetruth debate
trump is a winner everyone knows thatsome losers dont acknowledge it yet follow him
the us economy is looking very good in my opinion even better than anticipated companies are pouring back into our country reversing the long term trend of leaving the unemployment numbers are looking great and regulations and taxes have been massively cut! jobs jobs jobs
my with discussing the keystone pipeline reelection is more important than 20000 jobs and cont
when are we going to have a pga tour event ? best course ive ever played very soon!
how will mitt romney defend his record on jobs and romneycare in tonights debate?
the campaign keeps highlighting a web video of john mccain being nice and respectful ill bet john cont
mark—nice picture thanks for the invite to the mavs/nets game next time i’ll go and you’ll win!
have some fun with this
what a show thanks for watching everyone! snl
failing lost all credibility not only was he fired @ fox he would have voted for clinton over mccain
iran has been formally put on notice for firing a ballistic missileshould have been thankful for the terrible deal the us made with them!
congratulations stephen miller on representing me this morning on the various sunday morning shows great job!
tim kaine has been praising the trans pacific partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved job killer!
anything with the trump name is epic thanks
thank you to for giving the first six months of the trump administration an a screg cuttingstock m jobsborder etc true!
looking forward to a great weekend in iowa! iacaucus caucusfortrump tickets
reading crippled america feeling love for our country first in its pages thats why i stand with trump
mark thanks for remembering
oh no they are worried that they didnt read the boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument 12 year case to finish? t
it is very sad to see what has done with nasa he has gutted the program and made us dependent on the russians
just watched your roast here in sa and u were brilliant thank you!
the new selection of ties shirts and suits at macys is amazing also available in trump tower lobby
some protesters are sincere people frustrated with the systemothers just in for the party
my thoughts and prayers go out to the and police officers in philadelphia
rt “trump comes through — saves $14 billion on new air force one”
for the republicans to have any success these next two years they must have a long game plan
i am glad america is starting to get to know the way i know him a wonderful and decent family man cont
press briefing in charlevoix canada prior to departing for singapore!
almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community polls have shown 93 approval
if reagan a hollywood actor was president then your chances are strong it sure would be nice to have an honest potus
and on this morning!?!? my day has been made!!!! betterwithfriends thanks sarah
phylis schlafly marco rubio betrayed us all
fortyseven million now on food stamps when he came to office there were 32 million hes added 15 million people
we need yod.c.ur president
the truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price everyone in us would benefit!
ill be on on monday at 7 30 am
nebraska make sure you get out to the polls and vote for deb fischer today!
my interview re how the debt ceiling is key point the fiscal curb and why we must and can make a great deal
rt video at nhfreedomsummit on
one of my favorite musicians in my office
had dinner there for my 25th wedding anniversary! absolutely beautiful! great thanks
it is hard to believe i am winning by so much when i am treated so badly by the media new poll amazing in all categories 21 pt lead
tony romo just made a great playgiants are getting killed!
donald usa must never allow iran to make their chants death to america a reality
will plan b miss trace?
ps your brother is doing very well on he stated he adores you
i will be interviewed on the oreilly factor this evening at 8 pm on the fox news channel
be on time wasting other peoples time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression think like a champion
watch the wh spokesman try to spin rationale for using exec priv on fast and furious
i agree kaine looks like a fool!!
i wish president the best of luck in his second term
say what you want about the apprentice is such a career saver for so many people!!! absoluteicon
the new fake news narrative is that there is chaos in the white house wrong! people will always come and go and i want strong dialogue before making a final decision i still have some people that i want to change always seeking perfection there is no chaos only great energy!
wow every poll said i won the debate last night great honor!
china must be worried that will win this november they have never had such a pushover like
the success of shark tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of the apprentice one of the biggest hits in tv history
good idea
thanks for all the nice comments about the last night i enjoyed it and david enjoyed the ratings
fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me and have zero access fake news !
“once you know you love your job never stop and never give up” – think like a billionaire
i have an idea for whose campaign is a disaster try using your last name and don’t be ashamed of it!
entrepreneurs dont tread water get out there and go for it
macys will be happyand so am i
white house press sec had a hard time explaining why supported tax breaks for oil companies in cont
what a foolish statement by he said that a vp pick would insult hispanics
only in your weak mind!
donaldjtrump makeamericagreatagain
america cannot survive another bush! nomorebush
like always you are telling the truthi liked romney and voted for him but he didnt fight hard enough true!
all you haters out there stop trashing the only candidate that will put all of you and america first trump
obama will send troops back into iraq combat zone don’t believe anything he says just covering for his mistakes
sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare but its to prepare us for something bigger
my thoughts on last nights celebrity apprentice as well as my latest video blog at
the oil companies collude with opec to keep oil artificially overvalued they need to be reigned in
with hillary and obama the terrorist attacks will only get worse politically correct fools wont even call it what it is radical islam!
with your help we can makeamericagreatagain! votetrump
just got a call from my friend bill ford chairman of ford who advised me that he will be keeping the lincoln plant in kentucky no mexico
in the first hours after hearing that north korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end the press was startled and amazedthey couldn’t believe it but by the following morning the news became fakethey said so what who cares!
“donald trump on jeb bush ‘the last thing we need is another bush’” via by
state works hard and illegally for clinton draintheswamp
doesnt have an answer for how much americans should pay for gas he wants $6/gallon gas!
another sign that is right new government labor report casts even more doubt on the september jobs data
obama is our unlucky president everything he touches turns into a mess some people just dont have it!
i encourage everyone in the path of hurricaneharvey to heed the advice and orders of their local and state officials
damn you really like getting fired up to squash you like a bug huh? he doesnt have the strength!
thank you washington! together we will make america safe and great again! imwithyou americafirst
judgment wasn’t the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroom—that was her demise celebapprentice
my discussing the discussing the cast
i will be nominating christopher a wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new director of the fbi details to follow
im sick of always reading about outsourcing why arent we talking about onshoring? cont
isis is on the run and will soon be wiped out of syria and iraq illegal border crossings are way down 75 and ms 13 gangs are being removed
congress must protect our borders first amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped
i cant believe david letterman has announced his retirementhe is a great guy!
politicians are all talk no action! just look at our country exactly right! trump2016
via by “trump calls election a ‘big blow to obama… i think he’s in denial’”
thank you ted
went to winery in charlottesville va yesterday for my birthday it was awesome! one of the best! thanks!
explain to and who know nothing that i will beat hillary and win states and demindie votes that no other r can!
donaldi met your dad when i was in collegevery nice guy humble and unassuming true thx
we stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the united kingdom
the obamacare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured what is the point of this trillion $ monstrosity?
as to the un things will be different after jan 20th
amazing! thank you
what a coincidencemichelle obama called kenya homeland in 2008
today we honor dr martin luther king jr on the 50th anniversary of his assassination earlier this year i spoke about dr king’s legacy of justice and peace and his impact on uniting americans mlk50 proclamation
staff at trump doral was amazing made my visit wonderful blue course is awesome doral as it should be great thanks
its time we take america back! no more puppet presidents! votetrump so true!
i look forward to playing golf with president someday
“becoming an entrepreneur is a personaldevelo pm ent program if you grow personally your business will grow” – midas touch
you are a good christian! you are right! also you should be presedent! the sooner the better! trump
this ebola patient thomas duncan who fraudulently entered the us by signing false papers is causing havoc if he lives prosecute!
is back! did i see wince? celebapprentice
danyou are a great guy with a great familyamazing future!
high energy!
says it stop sending money to mexico until marine freed tcot pjnet
okay thanks
aaron it was great to meet you at trump tower also really good job on television!
new york has interiors by celebrated design house fendi casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline
i doand say hello to carson
brian williams anyone? says women warriors are every bit as tough as the guys just think about that statement!
rt polls showing surging slipping have her camp on defense/lowering expectations goi…
why isnt sitting in the oval office now is a mystery to me
war on the families price of electricity hit record high in october terrible especially during holiday season
as one of miamiis largest landowners i am pulling for the in the finals lebrons time is now!
the eric trump foundation has raised over $1000000 towards st jude childrens research hospital
hey donaldin love with trump tower on 5th avenue during the holidays!
class act way to go als big props! thanks
loved being in manassas va last night such incredible spirit! now in dc for a speech will then visit old post office under construction
i like gutsy brave guys like trump reagan i hate all those bloody hypocrites thank you
thanks gary it was great having you on the show may your foundation spend the money well
watching celebrity apprentice right now! i love this show!!!
the democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as obamacare folds not long do not worry we are in very good shape!
new national gop zogby poll makeamericagreatagain trump2016
ferry point in nyc will be one of the best public courses in the us says
you get what you vote for 21 of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013
sadly truebut it can change
there usually is an easy solution to every problem for instance a lot of our countrys problems can be solved in next years election
spent very little time with andrew mccabe but he never took notes when he was with me i don’t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda probably at a later date same with lying james comey can we call them fake memos?
getting ready for the big news conference in dubai it should all be happening in the us but it isnt sad!
donaldtrump is a leader he is a successful person that like me isn’t afraid to tell it like it is governor
information is being illegally given to the failing and by the intelligence community nsa and fbi?just like russia
i will be interviewed on fox news sunday with chris wallace at 9 00 am or 10 00 am depending on location will be tough but good!
geraldo is going to win i might riot if he losses celebrityapprentice
never voted but your getting my vote
yay! im so excited for celebrity apprentice
russia has never tried to use leverage over me i have nothing to do with russia no deals no loans no nothing!
republicans remember—debt ceiling debt ceiling debt ceiling—be smart and you will win!
interestingly the hurricane may now be a disaster for obamas reelection because of his grandstanding
the 13 angry democrats in charge of the russian witch hunt are starting to find out that there is a court system in place that actually protects people from injusticeand just wait ‘till the courts get to see your unrevealed conflicts of interest!
over 100m are now receiving some form of welfare we must do better has the vision to get america working
colorado was amazing yesterday! so much support our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to colorado and the whole country
thank you high point nc! i will fight for every neglected part of this nation and i will fight to bring us together…
will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they cant handle the truth! so true!
the republican senators must step up to the plate and after 7 years vote to repeal and replace next tax reform and infrastructure win!
great list of spring travel ideas from our properties
donaldtrump for president! thanks!
young entrepreneurs across the us are trying to make deals and build businesses daily stay positive think big and big things will happen
who ever thinks donald trump is a bad person u just dont want a good country thank you
the us is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from west africa with uncertain results stop the flights you dumb bs!
lawyer elizabeth beck was easy for me to beat ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me got total win and legal fees
great rally in fresno california great crowd! thank you! trump2016
looking forward to season 14 of
obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can’t be bothered to get briefed on national security commanderinchief?!
he is destroying our country has requested to raise our debt limit to over $164trillion by the end cont
going to dallas the great state of texas today leaving soon!
an ad hoc interview i filmed with a german journalist at ground zero hours after the attack
really blew itwent down in flamestoo bad!
need more people like in this country who get the job done and dont sugar coat things
the democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked hillary clinton we have paul ryan always fighting the republican nominee!
looking forward to meeting the great folks of sarasota gop party when i am honored as statesman of the year should be a wonderful time
so true wayne and lowest black unemployment in history!
thank you for your wonderful endorsement today it means a great deal to me we will not disappoint! trump2016
ron paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in iraq and afghanistan
try to develop a tempo when youre workingmomentum is something you have to work at to maintain and is an important element of success
i will be interviewed by anderson cooper at 8 pm on from new hampshire should be very interesting!
those five hotels includetrump international hotel tower new york trump soho new york trump international hotel tower chicago
on his naked young and carefree days and pal donald trump rod album is great!
my favorite sky scraper in new york so far has definitely been trump tower such a classy and timeless design great job thx
iran is moving troops into iraq under the guise that it is helping out actually they will take over iraq and all of their oil stupid us
proud of you keep cutting through the politicalcrap and tell it like it is
via by nick ricko “ in celebrity first look”
im not even american and i want to see win! a person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!
“don’t find fault find a remedy” – henry ford
bob dole warns of ‘cataclysmic’ losses with ted cruz and says donald trump would do better via new york times
built for golf not built for tv that is true because it looks horrible on tv sad!
donald trump yahoo marissa mayer are right employees should not work from home via
works so hard but just doesnt have a natural instinct for politics others do and those are the people you want to follow!
dummy from failing magazine nascar deal was 1 nite ballroom espn was small golf outing
alertthe president knew that the ambassador was being attacked in benghazi he did nothinghe is no leader
my only concern w/trump running for prez is that he could only serve two terms! very cute!
be smart and work hard!
jamiel shaw was incredible on this morning his son who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant is so proud of pop!
can you imagine with all of the talk about obamacare technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day our government is badly broken!
would give anything for to run for president!! if theres anyone who can fix our country its him!!
looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all just what new york city needs and he will revert back to form always do!
china talks about the socalled carbon footprint and then behind our leaders backs they laugh they could cont
open up your linkedin account today and you may see this article about w68
via by “trump maybe something miraculous happens and obama will succeed”
i love donald trump for once i feel like someone out there running actually cares about us
our thoughts are with the forces fighting isis in iraq we must never back down against this extreme radical islami…
polls show [ would] be the gop nominee if the vote was held today
iraq afghanistan pakistan os foreign policy or lack thereof fails repeatedly
you have such amazing style and a strong rolemodel should be proud
i will!
will do great in the nfl all he does is win! bengals made a very wise decision
who should star in a reboot of liar liar hillary clinton or ted cruz? let me know
failing comedian bill maher who i got an accidental glimpse of the other night is really a dumb guy just look at his past!
thank you bridgeport connecticut! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
rt trump says the chaos in chicago was a planned attack but hillary insists it was a spontaneous reaction to an internet…
washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff if taxes are raised they must come with real hard cuts
aberdeenshire coast is spectacular its historic value and wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are builtbut they wont be!
via the donalds video should have trumped eastwood by
we still have not learned the full truth on benghazi four americans were killed congress must act!
donald trump tells about his obama announcement passport applications tell you a lot by
it is so great to be back home! looking forward to a great rally tonight in bethpage long island!
president obamas literary agent in 1991 promoted a book about the first africanamerican president of the cont
check out the last webisode wwwyoutubecom/user/mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with serta which one was your favorite?
problems are never truly hardships to winners and if you haven’t got any then you must not have a business to run
lets go! celebapprentice
obama warned of rigged elections in 2008 time to draintheswamp
the more i get to know the more i like him he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house
cpac today!
worked there once stayed there too it was a dream both times!
the wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth and many others! if
thank you georgia! supertuesday trump2016
based on the fraud committed by senator ted cruz during the iowa caucus either a new election should take place or cruz results nullified
one good aspect of the obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers if you can make it now you deserve it!
additionally two executives are under major investigation and they are unable to get the many permits necessary
marco rubio is a total lightweight who i wouldn’t hire to run one of my smaller companies a highly overrated politician!
do you believe the way karzai talks down to the united states zero respect!
us army reserve will bring conservative solutions to dc next tuesday vote for lee in the ny1 primary zeldinforcongress
waiting on trump to pump the economy!
lyin ted cruz and 1 for 38 kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up collusion in a two on one shows weakness!
has an all star cast of celebrities this season of this should be interesting true
so much hate on people need to calm down and understand what this nation needs trump2016 thank you!
you could have blown all the money or made it growpeople are just jealous totally true and thank you!
something must be done with dopey he is pushing republicans down the same old path of defeat dont fall for it karl is a loser
can you believe that sony chief amy pascal wants to meet with al sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs al is laughing at her!
great knockout on saturday by juan manuel marquez on manny pacquiao a great fight!
donald loves the game is a perfectionist and master builder every project is his personal masterpiece
should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue obama who put these radicals in power deserves blame
are your sold at macys!
my interview discussing why i dont own facebook stock and running a tough campaign against
rt trump thanks prime minister for his support discusses usjapan cooperation on northkorea defense an…
rob our childrens future by borrowing from the chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us
govchristie that tie is awesome i need that tie where can i get it? macys
trump is the epitome of integrity good spirit forthright honesty you pull no punches and call a spade a spade diggin it!
mr trump i bought one of your ties when i was in manhattan who is carrying your line here in toronto? macys online
obamacare could eat up your raise why isnt congress defunding it? theyre obsessed with amnesty
rt more than 1 million jobs added since took office
very excited to be addressing the next friday in new orleans there is much to discuss!
dont let up keep getting out to vote this election is far from over! we are doing well but there is much time left go florida!
i never gave anybody hell! i just told the truth and they thought it was hell harry s truman
melania and i look forward to being with president xi and madame peng liyuan in china in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip!
for all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault and rape in the military cont
on monday obamacare kicks in with all goodies of 300 increased premiums higher taxes and parttime replacement employees
what trump landmark can i take my 8 year old to in nyc for his first visit? bigtrumpfan trump tower5th ave
your what america needs donald! thank you
our campaign store is officially open! visit to shop the latest makeamericagreatagain merchandise
welcome back in europe barcelona europe thank you
the trip by pence was long planned he is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
im patiently awaiting a big announcement trump2016
obama’s $1t deficit budget expanded welfare and green cronyism and it cut domestic bomb prevention in half
wacko is a sad answer to the endorsement that cruz so desperately wanted glenn is a failing crying lost soul!
another great monday with you on! makeamericagreatwithtrump
“the most important thing in communication is hearing what isnt said” peter drucker
the reason flake and corker dropped out of the senate race is very simple they had zero chance of being elected now act so hurt and wounded!
what will we get for bombing syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? obama needs congressional approval
rt former hostage says plane waited until money arrived
military solutions are now fully in placelocked and loadedshould north korea act unwisely hopefully kim jong un will find another path!
after 200 days rarely has any administration achieved what we have achievednot even close! dont believe the fake news suppression polls!
the world is falling apart around us but we dont have people who know how to play the game the us is in big trouble no leadership!
in austin texas with some of our amazing border patrol agents i will not let them down!
little jon stewart? is a pussy he would be hopeless in a debate with me!
please run you will win we need you
so called show on hbo must be the cheapest special produced in the history of television it sucks!
back by popular demand returns to the 13th season of all star she is fierce in the board room!
the democrats continue to obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our governmenta record in us history state department ambassadors and many others are being slow walked senate must approve now!
i will be doing this morning at 8 not 7
from public not worried about tax returns
sheldon adelson pledges $100 million to elect trump president breitbart
new york city’s iconic architectural masterpiece houses prime commercial residential and retail space
john oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show i said no thanks waste of time and energy!
thousands of us warplanes ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from china leaving them open cont
allen and gail you will like it see you both soon!
if i wanted to fire robert mueller in december as reported by the failing new york times i would have fired him just more fake news from a biased news paper!
my thoughts on in todays trumpvlog
remember anything you read about atlantic city has nothing to do with me i sold years ago and left good timing but very sad!
if only donald trump could tell uobama hes fired the world would be a happier place
your family is inspiring rags to riches in three generations god bless america thanks megan!
via by donald trump and the end of free speech
wow the republican convention went so smoothly compared to the dems total mess but fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!
time that somebody ask me about my future i always say i want to be like donald trump youre such an inspirationthanks
media silent when called a murderer and felon mitt mentions birth certificate and they go nuts double standard!
want access to crooked hillary? dont forget its going to cost you! draintheswamp paytoplay
loved you on stern this morning you always have a lot of interesting things to say thank you
1/5 households is on food stamps we must do better americans need to have a work ethic
quote of the day sometimes your best investments are the ones you don’t make donald trump
check out shouldtrumprun
just saw trumps new video makeamericagreatagain 2016 will be interesting watch all!
all of us here today are united by the same timeless values we believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator and that no government can ever take it away we believe in the rule of law and we support the men and women of law enforcement we have pride in our history
just got one of your ties such a nice brand great! thx
paytoplay collusion coverups and now bribery? so crooked i will draintheswamp
congratulations to on its unbelievable ratings hike
once again we will have a government of by and for the people join the movement today!
excited to be heading home to see the house pass a great tax bill with the middle class getting big tax cuts! makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸
been following you since your book art of the deal thank you for your words of wisdom and insights thx
great minds have purposes others have wishes washington irving
the should break arods contract immediately—he misrepresented
what a true entrepreneur! celebrity apprentice creates great leaders which offers successful tools along this journey!
thank you! cnbc debatenight poll with over 400000 votes trump 61clinton 39 americafirst imwithyou…
bad sign for obamas campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states their internals must be horrendous
trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country!! true!
god bless america and donaldtrump you have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with dc
during the campaign i promised to make america great again by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country i am very proud to see companies like chrysler moving operations from mexico to michigan where there are so many great american workers!
the wall street journal loves to write badly about me they better be careful or i will unleash big time on them look forward to it!
will be on fox and friends in five minutes enjoy and good morning!
will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new chief economic advisor many people wanting the job will choose wisely!
based on your picture i can see why you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline
they were both terrific!
thank you really great job and show!
this is bull fox oreilly i expect better from you what is going on? fair and balanced my ass
congratulations to on your book going to number one on amazon great book great job!
journal news readership is already down 50 percent over the years
department of homeland security has spent $35 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
i will be interviewed on tonight after the nfl game 7 00 pm enjoy!
looking forward to being this evening for corporate meeting planners reception for trump national doral
if last night’s election proved anything it proved that we need to put up great republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the house and senate
thank you roanoke virginia this a movement join us today!sign up
so i have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place jeb bush has spent $59 million and done run country my way!
do not view any failure as the end learn your lessons quickly then move on do not dwell on failure start thinking big again
still a buyers market buy directly from a bank they want to offload properties that have defaulted will give good prices and financing
if i were president i would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take autism
when you next in scotland mr trump? we miss you! april and thanks!
saturday night live has some incredible things in store tonight the great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! enjoy
looks like he really cleaned up his act
live tweeting during tonights vp debateshould be a great time
great building name looks awesome on it
“i can die happy now with trump job performance” stated mary matalin “a great overall president stunning!” thank you mary
good night everyone sleep well and tomorrow have many victories!
thank you georgia! see you soon! trump2016
you and david letterman were fabulous tonight!!!!! great job!!!!! thanks joe!
donald trump is the new ronald reagan! thank you
is right—plan b has descended into a state of total chaos celebapprentice
for president and tom brady for his vp cute!
marybrigidmcmanamon washington post constitutionally speaking cruz simply isn’t eligible to be president
today judge st eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by goldberg in chicago the case is now officially over…
michele bachmann will finish dead last tonight in iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss sadly it is over for michele
today in florida i pledged to stand with the people of cuba and venezuela in their fight against oppression cont
welcome to the amir sabah alahmed aljaber alsabah of kuwait! joint press conference coming up soon
donald you are a true american hero i cant wait to celebrate trump day in the future wow nice
will be on at 6 30 am
“if you like your plan you keep it” “gruber is just some adviser” two of obama’s greatest lies told to the american public
hard work but fun
great evening with the and the t boone pickens entrepreneur award amazing crowd—thank you!
meeting with generals at maralago in florida very interesting!
i live in nj and youve got that right! nj wants chrischristie out of nj! tellingitlikeitis
you were great in it!! thanks!
president trump just sounds right! thanks!
thank you for the nice words on i will win and make america great again!
the guy next to me on the train apparently supports donald trump for president and so do many others our country is a mess!
rt senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on trump
a great honor to easily finish first in the poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner!
im at trump national dc watching the 2013juniorpga championshipfantastic young players!
good luck tonight floyd
golf channel donald trumps world of golf host a celebrity match 1/25 @ tngc la ca mark wahlberg vs kevin dillon
all of the phony tv commercials against me are bought and payed for by special interest groups the bandits that tell your pols what to do
happy 4th of july! trump2016 americafirst
i love mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the us so stupidly makes with them really bad for us jobs only good for mexico
gopdebate makeamericagreatagain fitn
congrats to barack obama on april’s job report over 800000 left the work force w/average hourly wages and weekly hours staying flat bad!
yes in deed!! trumpfortriumph
celebapprentice is back! 1st episode on now in australia! love the boardroom drama so good raising $$ for charity
my interview discussing debate responses obamas hidden records my tweets and unemployment
reporter is one boring and low vision guy!
you buying would be the biggest thing since they were in 4 straight super bowls great for them and
im protesting the from having anything to do w/ abc debate their unethical record doesnt give them the right to be involved!
love the show
i found a few of your buildings in busan south korea theyre looking clean and beautiful keep expanding the empire!
if u run 4 potus thats the only way ill vote republican pls consider running ud be g8t!!!n thanks
should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses he should bring them out into the open more fun that way!
we are what we repeatedly do excellence then is not an act but a habit aristotle
is 100 correct! you have so far made the most sacrifice! thankfully
via by “donald trump i can make america great again” hyperlinked on
tell iran to let our christian pastor goand i mean right now if they dont there will be hell to pay
lrt never thought i would agree with on anything
good luck if i had known id have come to shake your hand fab job in aberdeen
i will be doing gdny good day ny with rosanna ampgreg live at 830 am i will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the wtc
it is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong sad!
not sure what was more impressive todaytiger woods making 8 birdies or your golf course
“donald trump dedicates second scottish golf course to beloved mother mary” via
i am following the trayvon martin case carefully its a terrible situation that should never have happened cont
“total jobless claims running at lowest level in 44 years”
im pretty sure your wife is cheating on you at this exact second sorry noone else can satisfy her!
the person that hillary clinton least wants to run against is by far me it will be the largest voter turnout ever she will be swamped!
with respect to iran we have all the cardsthey are scared stiff! i cant believe we arent able to negotiate cont
rt we need strong broadshouldered leadership like and in the white house! vpdebate bigleaguetrut…
cnndebate winning the poll
rt it was an honor to meet with you prime minister modi thank you for cohosting the 8th annual global entrepreneurship summ…
wow got caught fixing their focus group in order to make crooked hillary look better really pathetic and totally dishonest!
traitor snowden has requested asylum in russia why would russia grant it? snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
can replace on sharktank? mark is doing just fine but thanks!
shouldve been you making that speech tonight sotu2015 i agree!
wrong you idiot!
florida loves trump !!! we had a ball in jacksonville saturday! 🚂☁🇺🇸🇺🇸
thank you for your nice words for the nice words on with chris wallace fns trump2016
thanks 4 your nice comments today on the view u were terrific!
this sunday’s allstar celebrity features the return of sunday at 9 pm on 2 hours
good timing for paula dean to go public and lots of lawsuits wheres her lawyer? asleep? asleep!
thanks for calling in always a pleasure to chat with you! elvisontopoftheworld and my pleasure thanks
today we honored our true american heroes on the firstever national vietnam war veterans day thankaveteran…
via the hindu realty brand donald trump’s india venture to sport desi tag
in the latest poll dangerweiner’s numbers have sunk i wonder how carlos handled the stress? he is one whacko sicko sexter
i cant wait for live tweets during dem debate tonight wont watch debate but will watch trumps twitter
despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent the democrats have been unable to show any collusion with russia so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who i don’t know and/or have never met fake news !
jon stewart calls you fckface von clownstick whats that all about? hes an overrated assholetotal phoney
some think democrats think rand paul is a threat wait until gets cranked up trum pm eister
great job donald! good luck from canada!
arizona had a 116 increase in obamacare premiums last year with deductibles very high chuck schumer sold john mccain a bill of goods sad
still one of my all time favorite cameos down the hall and to the left homealone classic
iraq told us to get out iraq is now falling and iraq now wants us to come back! dont do it unless we get the oil and i mean all of it!
twitlonger betawe are the greatest country the world has ever known i make no apologies for this country my pride in it or cont
if he tells china where to go he has my vote
the two dumbest interviews in history may go down as lance armstrong who is being sued by everyone in the world and michael douglas
afghanistan leaders want the us to keep 20 000 troops there for many more years fully paid for by the us but first they want apology
you have to think anyway so why not think big? xxx
when i intelligently turned down the club for growth crazy request for $1000000 they got nastywhat a waste of money that would have been
thats why we need you in 2016
via “donald ivanka trump say dc’s old post office pavilion will be 1 of country’s finest hotels”
ties are amazing very well made!
if only was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening israels borders then america would be on the path to solvency
great to hear that t just purchased doonbeg exactly what golf in ireland needs and a massive boost for our economy
join the lean scene with you exercise and luvo a heathy trio agreed 100 w/two u fired tonight
building a personal brand? then focus on being great focus on being the best at what you do excellent article
aj is a great quarterback who is finally being recognized as such a total winner what a pass!
it’s tuesday how many fundraisers travelling on the taxpayer dime will obama hold today?
thank you for your nice comments on a lot of progress is being made!
and all obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms
i will be doing the with my wife melania and the rest of my family in a major town hall hopefully it will be fun! enjoy7am
congratulations to thomas perez who has just been named chairman of the dnc i could not be happier for him or for the republican party!
just landed in bedminster new jersey maga 🎥
trump you will make the greatest president since lincoln wow nice!
as a 16 year old young man i am very impressed that i havent been able to put down the art of the deal great book!
iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the $150 billion we are giving thembut they wont buy from us rather airbus!
looking forward to a great weekend hearing outstanding things about this
great idea re minute of silence tonightthank you
today it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the vaaccountability act into law delivering my campaign promise…
obama administration official said they choked when it came to acting on russian meddling of election they didnt want to hurt hillary?
lets get united in america with
yes and best wishes
millions without electricity across ny and nj the media has covered for obama’s massive failure can you imagine if this was another pres?
we should stay the hell out of syria the rebels are just as bad as the current regime what will we get for our lives and $ billions?zero
you know donaldtrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate maybe he is our modern day patton?
watch me get inducted into the wwehof tonight at 10 pm on usa i will be posting exclusive behind the…
trump2016 we need you thank you
there are now 119000 fewer americans employed than there were in july the economy is still terrible
if my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing they would be scorned and called terrible names!
a true piece about the standing ovations i got yesterday
just got a great new selection of ties and shirts go buy them now for father’s day—they’re beautiful!
as a candidate i pledged that if elected i would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade protect american workers and defend our national security today we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment
i win an election easily a great movement is verified and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with fake news a sorry state!
for china of all nations to search the massive indian ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched
beauty arrives to moscow’s crocus city hall this 119! on the world will watch 2013 crowned
rt sunday our exclusive interview with presidentelect watch on at 2p/10p et check your local…
scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not built—i will tie them up in courts for years if necessary
many people look at successful people and dont see anything but the end result they dont see all the work that went into getting there
and safe questions were asked about why the cia and fbi had to ask the dnc 13 times for their server and were rejected still dont
if elected potus i will stop radical islamic terrorism in this country! in order to do this we need to…
so obama wants to bomb isis in iraq and arm them in syria? what is he doing!
convention center officials in phoenix dont want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 1215000 people in 4000 code room
i am ready to work for the gop i want to back he is a patriot
theres only one real candidate and its you! donors control the other candidates! votetrump thank you
what i am saying is stay out of syria
what can i do to help donald j trump get elected to be president of the usa? just sit tightthanks!
two policemen just shot in san diego one dead it is only getting worse people want law and order!
australia supports donald trump please immigrate to australia and make aussie great as well cute!
this is real collusion and dishonesty major violation of campaign finance laws and money laundering where is our justice department?
looking good in vegas today
youre certainly giving and publicity!! even neg publicity is good to some folk its not
great to see win big yesterday good for boston and the country yesterday we were all fans
cant wait to hear what has to say about obamas speech tonight!ill be tweeting during speech
why didn’t president obama do something about the socalled russian meddling when he was told about it by the fbi before the election? because he thought crooked hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to upset the apple cart! he was in charge not me and did nothing
ur biid 4 prez n 2016 would make us top economic superpower encourage r allies slow or stop r enemies trump2016
honored to have received the endorsement of lou holtz a great guy! inprimary trump2016
ralph northam will allow crime to be rampant in virginia he’s weak on crime weak on our great vets antisecond amendment
sorry i never went bankrupt and dont wear a wig its all mine!
the best phrase has ever said? we dont need another bush well said!
with the record high february gas prices hurting the economy even more reason to start fracking will create jobs and lower prices
a massive blow to obamas message only 38000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report thats really bad!
after the pics ive seen the sign makes the tower look great hands down best looking tower in chicago
seth meyers was terrible cohosting with kelly marbles in his mouthamp he must stop picking at his handsinsult to the great regis philbin!
cant believe these totally phoney stories 100 made up by women many already proven false and pushed big time by press have impact!
you stated that i started “relentlessly tweeting like a 14yearold girl” horrible insult to women resign now or later!
melania and i will be appearing on the view tomorrow at 11 am on cbs tune in for some great fun!
only better! thanks
im a democrat have not been your biggest fan but you made some very good points on the davidletterman show tonight
thank you florida! supertuesday makeamericagreatagain trump2016
snowden is sitting in china and taunting the us he is mocking us as a country great time to place a tax on china trade if not turned over
i am very proud of my sister your story was terrific thank you so much
spitzer failed as ag failed as governor in disgrace and was fired on all tv shows boring and zero ratings and hes at it again!
must watch – owner of a single restaurant anticipates that obamacare will cost over $1m for compliance
then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him
by hey washington post ‘only you hate donald trump’ or is it fear?
6 billion $s goes missing from state dept wheres the outrage? if u were prez theyd find it fast
thank you and keep up the great work!
just realised was in home alone 2! looking dapper as always thank you
disappointed in gop and demsgiving obama power to raise the debt limit next year is a mistake
virtually all presidents and candidates including john mccain bill clinton george hw bush and george w bush
happy valentines day to you and your lovely wife jesus loves you both
looking for an excuse not to cook for thanksgiving? many nyc outlets will delivery a full meal including
trumpvlog make our country great again!
our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of california’s wildfires i encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials thank you to all first responders for your incredible work!
how can fbi deputy director andrew mccabe the man in charge along with leakin’ james comey of the phony hillary clinton investigation including her 33000 illegally deleted emails be given $700000 for wife’s campaign by clinton puppets during investigation?
new jobs report 432000 left workforce manufacturing and durable goods go we need leaders who understand business
great job on we need you or we will be stuck with another clinton
a world with donald trump is a world i dont want to live in inspiration wow how nice!
when will sleepy eyes chuck todd and start talking about the obama surveillance scandal and stop with the fake trump/russia story?
huge crowd expected tomorrow night! vt police say first come first serve arrive early!
get ready for the apprentice tonight two amazing episodes i will be live tweeting!
jodi arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so i really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly she is as guilty as it gets
congratulations to john roberts for making americans hate the supreme court because of his bs
unbelievable!clinton campaign contractor caught in voterfraud video is a felon who visited white house 342 times
84 of us troops wounded and 70 of our brave men and women killed in afghanistan have all come under obama time to get out of there
“the object of golf is not just to win it is to play like a gentleman and win” phil mickelson
keep the momentum going! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate hes in your face because the republicans dropped the ball cont
i will look forward to your debate performance! i believe this country could use a leader like you! good luck!
want to know why china is growing? they can build the world’s tallest building in 90 days red tape would kill it here
just as i have been saying for many years and while they phony negotiate with the us over nuclear iran is taking over iraq really sad!
departing for st charles missouri to help push our plan for historic tax cuts across the finish linea successful vote in the senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the american people!
looking forward to tonights conversation w/ david rubenstein airing live on at 7 pm est
the state departments shadow government draintheswamp
excited to see who will win celebrityapprentice next monday! such a great season
you are the coolest man ive ever met 👍 thank you!
will you cry when marco amnesty loses nomination?
amazing view of
obama was guest at vp debate moderator martha raddatzs wedding do people think this is fair?
yes yes yes im so sick of lying politicians
you did great mr trump! wife and i watched loved your walmart answer thanks!
continues to do important work for children’s research hospital i am very proud of philanthropy
the legendary barbara walters interviews melania trump and me on a special this friday night at 10 00 on abc dont miss it!
while japan and south korea would like us to go back into tpp i don’t like the deal for the united states too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn’t work bilateral deals are far more efficient profitable and better for our workers look how bad wto is to us
people rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing andrew carnegie
if ran for president id vote for him in a heartbeat
people are smart they know you cant be for jobs but against those who create them it doesnt work cont
very cool i love nyc
i love show law and order but the casting is the worst ever no talentunwatchable!
more of your questions answered in todays video at here is my appearance on neil cavuto
announce your presidency make america great again stay tuned!
big q did you shoot your age? no but close!
congratulations on your legal victory thanks!
my motto is ‘never give up’ i follow this very strictly i do not let problems and challenges stop me they are normal
via by trump slams bush ‘i don’t see him winning i don’t see there’s any way’
wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude its only way 2 defeat political correctness
things are looking great for karen h!
response to the lies of senator cruz votetrumpsc
just finished a very good meeting with the president of south korea many subjects discussed including north korea and new trade deal!
for president? genius! he will definitely know how to put the american economy in shape! trumpforpresident
wow i just found out that in a major poll of its readers the voted me 1 on the power 100 list in ny
there are many ways of going forward but only one way of standing still pres franklin d roosevelt
glad to hear my monday interview continues to get big ratings great way to start your week
my recent statement re we must have strong borders and stop illegal immigration now!…
television ratings for saturday night live just came out and they were great the best since 2011 very few protesters!
hope you liked it tune in tomorrow night at 8 00 and 9 00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! will be a great evening of television!
i hope corrupt hillary clinton chooses goofy elizabeth warren as her running mate i will defeat them both
join us saturday night for the south carolina primary watch party! scprimary trump2016
the windfarm approval in scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met will be tied up in courts for years! eowdc
im a lifelong bills fan please save this franchise! were ready to win! billsmafia
why doesnt president obama just get the people from google to fix the failed website in fact why didnt he use them in the first place!
i thought i was being nice to somebody re their parents i guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting sad!
“always remember that the future comes one day at a time” dean acheson
spot on about the media! honestly just run 4 prez! many will support u! more than u expect! thanks
thank you sparks nevada! votetrumpnv nevadacaucus finder
california women love mr trump too will make it happen in new york on april 19 go out and vote
he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to wharton business school
“when you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and others” – think like a billionaire
must release a budget before begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution
for the truth about job creation in america go to a great site for employers to get the tools and information they need!
my team of deplorables will be taking over my twitter account for tonights debate makeamericagreatagain
great meeting with mitch mcconnell and republican leaders in dc trump2016
should be the next president thanks
sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war donald trump
played golf today with prime minister abe of japan and ernie els and had a great time japan is very well represented!
prime minister of japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at trump international golf club
via by “president trump? says theres a very substantial chance hell run in 2016”
why did beg me for a tweet endorsement when her book was launched?
rima fakih our beautiful miss usa rode with me on the gray line ride of fame yesterday
the best thing that could happen to new york sports is buying the bills thanks
president obama is the best thing that ever happened to jimmy carter!
via by “trump hotel reflects youthful luxurious vancouver ivanka trump”
its go time! see you at trump tower im giving money away! fundanything
rt trump has more credibility than obama with north korea
you forgot to mention that youre going into the wwe hall of fame
my interview with discussing the gop primary my 2012 options and why must lose
the failing wrote a story about my management style and that i dont have many people i have 73 hillary has 800 and im beating her
watching celebapprentice makes me ❤️ even more
geraldo rivera is the gary busey of this season of celebrityapprentice
miss universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever!
spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me really weird shes being driven crazy!
for once the uk has seen sense and not been dragged into this they were for once very smart!
is it legal for to make campaign donor calls from air force one? obama is always fundraising on our dime
everyone makes mistakes but its what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters midas touch
if trump doesnt win we may not be able to recuperate america
just read book “shooting straight” and whether you love him or hate him i’m in the first category it is terrific
please run for president! the country needs you! trump2016
this coming election is the first one i can vote in and i hope runs so he can get my vote trump2016
i will be on at 8 30 am will be talking about lightweight marco rubio and lying ted cruz!
going over to now to introduce cast etc watch
trump! love the sign in chi town! trump4president thank you
getting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action timetogettough
the trump hotel collection is currently nominated for conde nast traveler readers choice awards travel leisure and world travel awards
want to take a quiz with me? download the app and watch on monday at 8/7c on
amazing on megan kelly thanks
breaking ground in dc today trump for president 2016so much more ground to break! trumpforprez thanks!
jeb bush never uses his last name on advertising signage materials etc is he ashamed of the name bush? a pretty sad situation go jeb!
thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts ties and suits at macys they do great because of really high quality at a low price
have confidence work hard and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind
you’re starting up again because people have forgotten you you wouldn’t take my bet but it’s cont
today is trumptuesday on 7 30 am tune in!
thank you cadillac michigan! votetrum pm i on 3/8/2016 we will make america great again!
is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible trump2016
have a happy birthday
one thing we know for sure supporters will turn to trump absolutely not
i fully support the and they should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11not demonized
my just filed lawsuit against univision always fight back when right makeamericagreatagain
you are without a doubt the coolest! not many people stand up for themselves in todays world!! thank you
via “central park horse show to make inaugural debut in nyc sept 1821” i am proud to be a sponsor!
has topped carbon data’s rankings of the most carbonintensive companies in the eu’s emissions trading scheme
people often ask me the secret to my success and the answer is simple passion focus and hard work momentum keeps it all going
republicans don’t extend the debt ceiling—make the great deal now!
robert pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of twilight he took my advice on kristen stewarti hope!
dopey prince wants to control our us politicians with daddy’s money can’t do it when i get elected trump2016
mark levin interview was great
thank you for telling it how it is no one else will address these issues you have my vote
via by “poll trump surges among gop hopefuls in nh”
newly minted diplomat is a completely different competitor in allstar dennis is a legend!
the muslim brotherhood dictator in egypt is bad news he will never be our true ally!
no surprise that china was caught cheating in the olympics thats the chinese mo lie cheat and steal in all international dealings
do you ever go to the isle of lewis? yes great placemy wonderful mother was born there!
terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! the best by far in nyc thanks
why is so amazing? love watching celebapprentice
america needs strong leadership politicians can talk but they don’t get things done video
crooked hillary clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else obama plus!
bernie sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that crooked hillary clinton will be forced out of the race email scandal!
ok i saw the interview on fox news i hope you run!
hillary clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but hes demonstrated a penchant for sexism so inappropriate!
should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
dont get on nerves you just join the team celebapprentice kenya a troublemaker
it was fantastic!!
hopefully the senate will not leave washington until our ambassadors judges and the people who make washington work are approved the democrats are obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our country!
groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad just more very dishonest media!
congratulations to the republic of korea on what will be a magnificent winter olympics! what the south korean people have built is truly an inspiration!
hillary failed all over the world bigleaguetruth ❌libya❌syria❌iran❌iraq❌asia pivot❌russian reset❌benghazi…
run for president we need someone to stand up china and russia they laugh at us now they do laugh!
tuesdays democratic debate is missing just one thing donald trump true can you think of anyone who wants to watch?
obama told his donors this past week “public opinion” is on his side dont believe that one either
honored to sign s442 today with this legislation we support scientists engineers and astronauts in the…
the time has come thegarybusey will be project mgr on this sundays allstar celebrity must see tv!!! back to 2 hrs
wrapping the collection shirts and ties i bought at macys gorgeous christmas gifts! great!
his budget interest payments to china will exceed us defense spending by 2019 america!
there is no excuse for riots in ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome
obamacare has cut workers’ pay by over $22b and eliminated 350000 small business jobs repeal before its too late!
but paula handled it very poorly!
watching my beautiful wife melania speak about our love of country and family we will make you all very proud…
and are not likely to become friends –ever! celebapprentice
check out my interview on
find out who and what is the best in your field identify the trendsetters leaders and authorities learn the standards they follow
looking forward to hearing from donald trump at press conference in shannon on mon 12th may me too
weve been covered through my husbands job for 40 years with excellent ins next year it all changes
🌍 dont care about gop or trump but hes the best gop running and should win the primary🌍
obama has exempted businesses his staff and all of congress from obamacare why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the us?
do it
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year ice and border patrol agents are doing a great job for our country ms13 thugs being hit hard
i will never be persuaded to not be a fan
why would anyone in florida vote for lightweight senator marco rubio check out his credit card scam his house sale and his no show voting!
just read that trump has the largest and i add most enthusiastic crowds tonight i will be in new hampshire the place will be packed!
also the very obsolete ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in aberdeen no longer works
love donald trump and the support he gives to positive women today!!!!!
after settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars j pm organs lawyer is critical of the amount of the finewhy did they settle thendumb!
i only go on shows that get ratings thats why i do and your sho… cont
thank you louisiana! trump2016
swing hard
when renovations are completed trump national doral will be the finest resort in the us
not good!
will be interviewed by tonight at 8 pm
love taking a drive up a1a and seeing that beautiful red white and blue huge flag blowing in the yard of
thank you for the massive turnout tonight cleveland ohio! get out and vote trumppence16 on 11/8watch rally here …
a truly great course best i have played in scotland thank you
my interview from this morning discussing the price of oil windfarmsdoral hotel country club and more
happy birthday christine
never give up you have what it takes
yes please do we need somebody with a head on their shoulders and knows how to use it
good job homer! good luck! thanks ill need it!
just got back from the iowa state fair record crowds phenomenal people thank you iowa i will never let you down!
“do not give in to anger it destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration” – think big
johnroberts biggest turncoat of them all we know what obamathedestroyer is but jr pretends to be conservative
you are great!!
dress for success the donald j trump signature collection exclusively available
we need someone with some business sense in the white house this administration doesnt have a clue
i gave a woman named barbara res a top ny construction job when that was unheard of and now she is nasty so much for a nice thank you!
greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend people of “great accomplishment” should easily quality for prez
really solid playingkeep going!
all i have to say is trump for president!
rt at the request of the governor of texas i have signed the disaster proclamation which unleashes the full force of go…
america and the world needs a smart strongpatriotic leadermr trump is that man i agree!
looks like is up to the challenge celebapprentice
you need to make a run time will tell!
is america ready for donald trump as president? wayne allen rootwow great words and delivery!
check it out 2nd video on lying crooked hillary is now online! watch it here crookedhillary trump2016
on when was the last time something positive has happened in this country? hmmmmso true
you rock mrtrump!!!! usa thanks
via by malcolm unwell “taking trump seriously”
my friend is making a very special lp follow him conservative leader by day likely 2015 grammy winner by night legends
i employ many people in hawaii at my great hotel in honolulu i’ll be there very soon vote for me hawaii!
why isnt anyone using the iowa poll with me having a big lead they only want to use the one negative poll 2nd placedishonest press
yay joan rivers is back celebapprentice gonetoosoon
republicans should just repeal failing obamacare now and work on a new healthcare plan that will start from a clean slate dems will join in!
the unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at cpac thank you!
this is great!! how awesome of mr trump! thank you
so many great things happening new poll numbers looking good! news conference at 11 00 am today trump tower!
trump tower in toronto still the best!
please have mercy on all veterans all we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not trump for pres!
where do you get your energy from? unbelievable maybe sell the ingredients? i wish i could!
gov mike pence has just stated that donald trump has taken a strong stance on hoosier jobs and he thanks me! i will bring back jobs to usa
definitely the star of chicagos skyline show! loved visiting from toronto!
rt hillarys policies have made america less safe thats why 200 general and military leaders have endorsed
dont you think you are exactly what the us needs?!?! yes!
you in danger girl!
teamleeza to the finish line!!
fact – the reason why americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because obama refuses to pass a budget
isnt it sad the way putin is toying with obama regarding snowden we look weak and pathetic could not happen witha strong leader!
a good friend more importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put america on cont
mr trump what book should we read second? never give up examples of tenacity
everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for prsorry but i must its my nature
thank you sir for caring for the people of america i was in newmarket nh office
just at a news conference from trump turnberry in scotland everybody was there and will be all over television tonite back on trail saturday
remember that marco rubio is very weak on illegal immigration south carolina needs strength as illegals and syrians pour in dont allow it
negotiation is persuasion more than power negotiation includes a lot of fine linesand thats what makes it an art
i am now inspecting the old post office on pennsylvania avenue will be a great hotel soon off to the oklahoma state fair!
when will people wake up and realize trump was one of bushs biggest critics! blind people! true!
hitting the ice over at ! world class!!
‘uniforms 4 everyone’ campaign has a $3000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms
just signed contract to purchase the ritz carlton in jupiter floridagreat land great location great future!
use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong think big
“i’ve found that people work harder when they are held accountable and their confidence rises along with that” – midas touch
the united states needs to fix its own problems of which there are many first!
there are only 22 days for to drop obama is not a loyal guy i think he is strongly considering it
why do they attack mr trump? because he has something they dont the ability of truth! trump is here!
seriously there is nobody who can fix this country but you its now or never! we need you usa nowornever so true!
trump zimmerman trial traumatic period for country
will you be in baton rouge for miss usa yes!
“trump i like north carolina we are looking at another deal” via
media desperate to distract from clintons anti2a stance i said pro2a citizens must organize and get out vote to save our constitution!
tremendous cold wave hits large part of us lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change gw just doesnt work!
good luck again!
i know you are jealous of forbes and a total loser
reading donaldtrumps the art of the deal for my entrepreneurship class so many cool stories and business lessons to learn
why arent you running for president? im not even a republican but id still vote for you
i will be interviewed by on tomorrow morning enjoy! trump2016
america needs a brilliant patriot like to guide this country! thank you!
has done a great job as the architect of my new golf course at ferry point nyc is very proud!
trump is up latepreparing his campaign for president i hope
votefortrump
much better on libya and middle east problems obama has no answer
i am working on a new system where there will be competition in the drug industry pricing for the american people will come way down!
deja vu i can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed president obamacarter
and get what needs to be done to reign in china gets kicked around by the chinese
rt us air force jets take off from guam for training ensuring they can fight tonight
celebapprentice is back on i love this show hats off to for putting together a true masterpiece thank you
“trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform”
pennsylvania poll just released two rallies there on mon join me!ambridge
via by “trump well make america great again”
today i announced another historic breakthrough for the va we are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our great veterans! usa
rt hannity russia allegations boomeranging back on democrats
republicans want to fix daca far more than the democrats do the dems had all three branches of government back in 20082011 and they decided not to do anything about daca they only want to use it as a campaign issue vote republican!
will be interviewed on at 9 00 pm enjoy!
wow in the new cbs poll i went way up into the forties! thank you!
donald trump trademarked reagan slogan and would like to stop other republicans from using it via
via donald trump claims barack obama bombshell
rt it is the height of hypocrisy obama and clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to north korea by thei…
we need a tax system that is fair to working families and that encourages companies to stay in america grow in america and hire in america!
thank you for all of your support iowa! makeamericagreatagain trump2016 iacaucus finder
china keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense why do our leaders continually let china run all over us?
thats because youve never hired anyone to do work before favorite line from tonights debate
head pro @ trump la waitersvalet parkersand complete staff and grounds crew all r class actsbetter than pebble bch !
my int with announcing the january 4th premiere and cast of the 14th season of
icymi via by “donald trump honored at marine corps charity gala”
despite what you hear in the press healthcare is coming along great we are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
i am going to give a pass is desperate to get back on tv so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled
remember what i said about attacking iran before the electioni hope the iranians are not so cont
nevada poll donald trump 33 ted cruz 20 marco rubio 11 via great news !
i really admire thank you!
incompetent hillary despite the horrible attack in brussels today wants borders to be weak and openand let the muslims flow in no way!
this says it all trump 2016
when will we see you again in soon!
i absolutely love he is my favorite person ever and inspires me to do so much thanks r!
latoya is terrific
i agreegt the 2nd amendment is a right not a privilege!
they just acted but it was obama that promised!
departing new york with general james mad dog mattis for tonights rally in fayetteville north carolina! see you…
when will we every catch a break ? only with new and smart leadership!
sometimes megyn thinks she has an agenda it pays to be humble and just report the news !!
with the fantastic ratings last weekend and i think it’s only fair that i go on w/ chris wallace
in one of the biggest stories in a long time the fbi says it is now missing five months worth of lovers strzok page texts perhaps 50000 all in prime time wow!
bloomberg trump leads gop field
now this should give bethpage a run for the money in ny will blow bethpage away!
so why arent the committees and investigators and of course our beleaguered ag looking into crooked hillarys crimes and russia relations?
i will be on at 7 00 am will be talking about many things including the apprentice!
welcome home josh!
look forward to introducing governor mike pence who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana my first choice from start!
daca has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that cryin’ chuck schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
how quality a woman is rowanne brewer lane to have exposed the as a disgusting fraud? thank you rowanne
the formula of knowledge the best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry
cannot believe how badly daca recipients have been treated by the democratstotally abandoned! republicans are still working hard
celebrate 2013 with downtowns nicest nye party get your tickets now
we should be concerned about the american worker and invest here not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7b in africa
the establishment republicans and the democrats are absolutely 100 terrified of you !!
bernie sanders has been treated terribly by the democrats—both with delegates and otherwise he should show them and run as an independent
for me you are the only one that can do the job right move the country forward and bring about goodness true
plus golic apologies to bill great show line up
obama just stated its always good to ignore donald trump i state he is right especially when the truth is against him
the tournament at trump national doral was much more exciting than what is going on now!
we will protect our southern border!
the quickly put together a hit job book on me comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories dont buy boring!
scotland could be on the verge of a new generation of hydro power now this would be great!
run!!! or this country will turn out like ancient rome! perhaps so not good!
what was one thing others underestimated about you? that i never give up!
the donald gets his mens major 2022 pga going to trump bedminster will be amazing!
our country seriously needs you now please run for pres trump2016
views regarding a more affordable health care system expressed on is spot on
i love and the way he will speak the truth regardless i have so much respect for this man hero thanks
my administration will follow two simple rules
procter and gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from cincinnati to asiawhat are we doing?!
i will be on the mike and mike show on radio and espnat about 6 to 7 am we will be talking super bowl and sportsno obama care!
thanks debbie
many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the russia casedon’t believe the fake news narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on fame and fortune will never be turned down by a lawyer though some are conflicted problem is that a new
thanks joe!
iowa key endorsement for cant wait for the iowa caucus in 4 weeks! trump2016
i love watching donald trump in action free education just watch and learn love it trumptrain nice
thanks and enjoy
is the only person alive who could clean up the mess obama left us true!
act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump and tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc
by failing to prepare you are preparing to fail benjamin franklin
if we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves thomas edison
pls not or just bcuz u r drama doesnt mean u should hearn the title or praise
president obama created a very bad precedent by handing over five taliban prisoners in exchange for sgt bowe bergdahl another us loss!
usmc sgt tahmooressi sacrificed for our country while obama is welcoming illegals our marine is locked in a mexican jail freeourmarine
very good points made tonight on greta
residential capital a company in which warren buffett is involved went bankrupt but that doesnt mean that warren buffett went bankrupt!
i have a lawsuit in mexico’s corrupt court system that i won but so far can’t collect don’t do business with mexico!
we just finished shooting a new season of celebrity apprentice and happily for all joan plays my advisor in two episodes she was great!
yea nbc has increased all remaining celebrity apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 pm on sunday! amazing show
every business has surprises hidden dangers beneath the surface and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success
the police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order gopdebate
if you like having the world collapse and being told america is leading from behindvote obama
rt good morning! join me in lima ohio tomorrow evening at 7 pm magatickets
what has happened in orlando is just the beginning our leadership is weak and ineffective i called it and asked for the ban must be tough
why did mitt romney beg me for my endorsement four years ago?
disloyal rs are far more difficult than crooked hillary they come at you from all sides they don’t know how to win i will teach them!
heading to richmond virginia now join me tonight! trump2016tickets
when ted cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear i will get most of his votes no problem!
entrepreneurs – be tough resolute and trustworthy the most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals
shock! while attacking private equity experience raises $2m from private equity bankers
watching mighty planes about private b757 mr trump is the man hes as impressive as the jet thank you
a fantastic day in dc met with president obama for first time really good meeting great chemistry melania liked mrs o a lot!
purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes dishonest!
americans stand with you and all of canada prime minister our thoughts and prayers are with you all torontostrong
rt more and more people are suggesting that republicans and me should be given equal time on tv when you look at the…
getting to the point is appreciated by everyone heres some advice for public speaking be sincere be brief be seated fd roosevelt
obama has now become the weakest potus against china yuan just hit record high against dollar very sad!
has great ratingsi told you so he should pay me at least 25 of his earnings because he would be nowhere without donald trump
that is a reward that is well deserved thanks
bad ratings and got scammed when they covered the antitrump russia rally walltowall they probably knew it was fake news but because it was a rally against me they pushed it hard anyway two really dishonest news casters but the public is wise!
is a great leader and definitely someone i look up to great role model thanks
i just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked new york state attorney general eric schneidermanhe should resign from office!
because he doesnt live there! he wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare on tuesday votekarenhandel
new ppp poll just out trump up big cruz rubio and bush down the debate results even with a stacked rnc audience were wonderful!
me with don and sarah we went out for pizza that night remember
great job tonight
now chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market china wants to deplete our resources here at home
keep going on you can win!
rt live stream now donald trump press conference trumptrain trump2016
rt speech on drug costs pays immediate dividends new drug lists at 30 less than expected middl…
there should be no further releases from gitmo these are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield
joan is one of the greats wonderful to see her on theapprentice for the last time god bless yod.c.ivers
i’ll bet if i didn’t harass apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iphone they wouldn’t have done it—but it bends and breaks!
be confident pay attentionand good luck
jackie evanchos album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her inauguration performancesome people just dont understand the movement
i couldnt even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the debated any one of these five jabronis
great news !
great evening in canton ohiothank you! we are going to make america great again! join us
people pundits gave me no chance in south carolina now it looks like a possible win i would be happy with a one vote victory! hope
write to mark burnett
first rule of success a great big ego! still love you mr trump and cannot wait for celebrity
always on point 👌👌
absolutely love your family mr trump im a humongous admirer of you and your family cant wait to see the next season
just watched lightweight marco rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record he is not as smart as cruz and may be an even bigger liar
“according to the center for immigration studies the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole”
as it has turned out james comey lied and leaked and totally protected hillary clinton he was the best thing that ever happened to her!
thank you carl higbie former navy seal for you support of my plan to straighten out the veterans administrationa mess!great job
the white house is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the fast and furious investigation american lives were lost we need answers
thanks anthony
the president of the us is the leader of the free world he should dress like it at all times wear a suit and a tie for major interviews
congrats to on winning the masters he did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hangerons he just played golf
laguardia ranked as one of the worst airports it needs magic touch so true what a mess!
trump intl golf links scotland awarded 5 star status by scottish tourism chiefs via mailonline
thank you sbagala
is all negative when it comes to me i dont watch it anymore
we must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the united states our country must be strong again!
thanks sonia
unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported the stock market is way down
your documentary died many deaths you have in my opinion zero talent
jon stewart is not a match go mr trump thanks i will
just received from thank you pete! votetrump on tuesday ohio! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
success breeds success the best way to impress people is through results think like a billionaire
will be meeting with lawmakers today at 11 30 am to discuss school safety next week it will be with our nation’s governors it’s been many years of all talk no action we’ll get it done!
i know adamhes a great player and great guy!
rt anthem announces it will withdraw from obamacare exchange in nevada
i think should take this challenge axelrod was too scared rt kaufstache vs sharpstache
this is the best vine ever!!! thank youanother daily change to technology!
i have always been the same personremain true to selfthe media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!
donald trump2016all the way
even ny democrats are avoiding convention he is dragging his own party down with him
sorry shes taken
i heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in new hampshire you just dont have what it takes!
rt never give upthats the worst thing you could do theres always a chance kyle coddingtons message to those als…
will be on tonight at 8 30 pm prior to melanias speech at the gopconvention tune in she will do great! rncincle
do u ever get sad? yes when i look at whats happening to our country!
ted cruz didnt win iowa he stole it that is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated bad!
is gop’s best chance to win in nov 2016 makeamericagreatagain
chesterunreal
looking like a really big night for republicans a tremendous refutation of president obama and his failed policies!
according to and the people at ms universe pageant they never asked to host this years pageant
separating families at the border is the fault of bad legislation passed by the democrats border security laws should be changed but the dems can’t get their act together! started the wall
the rollout of obamacare is a total disaster and an embarrassment to our country the world is watching and laughing$635000000 website!
romneys failed advisors like campaign mgr stuart stevens are all over tv telling people how to win but they lost dont know how to win!
i asked pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country i am proud of him and karen
rt come on america get on the trump train the winners already have boarded! the losers are w…
contractors can blame obama admin all day for their $600m failure but both parties are at faultpay taxpayers back
wronggraydon carter has no talent and looks like shit! also his food sucks!
located in palm beach fl historic maralago features 20 exquisite acres filled w/ world class amenities
come on goangelo dont give up now just because your rally at macys drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! i love@ macys
“manufacturing in us expands at fastest pace since may 2004”
another nasty season premieres sunday march 3rd at 9/8c on nbc!
if donald trump was president of the usa am sure negotiations on the crisis in ukraine would be moving forward now
because of rodolfo rosas moya who owes me lots of money mexico will never again host the miss universe pageant
it is time to send someone from the outside to fix dc from the inside let’s make america great again!
176 rooms have floortoceiling windows providing unparalleled views of central park and nyc
crude is at $100/barrel with the current state of the world economy how is that possible? opec is ripping of… cont
president obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against grand master chess champions very sad to watch!
china wouldnt be laughing at president trump so true!
watch me on late night with jimmy fallon tomorrow night at 12 35 am on nbcill be making a big announcement!
stock market up 5 months in a row!
illegal use of official attorney general stationary by lightweight
economists say trump delivered hope
a huge disappointment to see constantly attack donaldtrump it has become almost unbearable to watch her show
we need change your the man!! you got my vote!! ill campaign for u in az!! lets do it trump!! trump4prez uwillwin
the perfect hawaiian getaway 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views
visited my office tall and beautiful!
why isnt the senate intel committee looking into the fake news networks in our country to see why so much of our news is just made upfake!
thank you america! trump2016via
the people of buffalo should be happy terry pegula got the team but i hope he does better w/the bills than he has w/the sabres good luck!
i dont think they are discounting trump he hasnt said if he is running yet
rt make no mistake we are going to put the interest of american citizens first! the forgotten men and w…
goofy senator elizabeth warren has done less in the us senate than practically any other senator all talk no action!
failing will always take a good story about me and make it bad every article is unfair and biased very sad!
thank you both for appearing on making my ride into work this morning so enjoyable
which one?
“never ignore donald trump” by jeffrey lord
thank you to the for a very nice story
so much fun last night!
thank you kentucky! trump2016 supersaturday
heading to the great state of mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected governor look forward to seeing the new civil rights museum!
you would make a great president if anyone can get us out of debt its you sir everything you touch turns to gold thanks
celebrity apprentice i hope nbc has all the episodes online since i got rid of my lousy ass rip off time warner cable
busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security top executives coming in at 9 00 am to talk manufacturing in america
animals representing hillary clinton and dems in north carolina just firebombed our office in orange county because we are winning
remember when comedian bill maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the world trade centerthen got canned by abc?
in debate should ask obama why autobiography states born in kenya raised in indonesia
the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it the art of the deal
guns in the hands of responsible people saves lives
the system is rigged!
thank you for your very honest commentary one thing we do have great teams in ia nh sc and beyond
dont forget benghazi
yes youre a republican and smart now thats what we need to run this country! we sure need better than current
egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was they will soon be very strongly against israel thanks president obama
have a great time in chicago today you are the best person for the job
obama is the most profligate deficit and debt spender in our nation’s history doubled debt cont
democrats are coming to trump i used to be proud of the dem party no more it is crooked and not for the people
we need him as governor this state is a mess
“trump hails liberation of raqqa as critical breakthrough in antiisis campaign”
obama our welfare and food stamp president is praising himself for expanding welfare he doesnt believe in work
rt as the phony russian witch hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold dem…
my shirts ties and suits are selling great because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price thanks!
there you go! everyone loves donald trump bcuz hes the real thing not a politician
remarks at lincolndinner on
i hope you played well at royal aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting and inappropriate
lets go pennsylvania! votetrump
the media coverage this morning of the very average clinton speech and convention is a joke and the little watched sad!
rt the donald did it right at trump national doral beautiful course
donald trump for president!! interesting!
featuring private living spaces oversized bathrooms and stunning views downtown nyc’s premiere hotel
that’s adrian in the elevator— he works at and he’s got a lot of stories celebapprentice
michael forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the year” and which has brought
“when everyone works with the same energy loyalty and focus it makes for smooth sailing all around” – midas touch
house republicans should be doing everything possible to defund obamacare instead leadership is funding it
thank you west virginia lets keep it going go out and vote on tuesday we will win big trump2016
a lot more water after this bombshell rubio you are an enemy of america
can you believe that despite 93 bad stories from the fake news media should be getting good stories today we had just about our highest poll numbers including those on election day? the american public is wise to the phony an dishonest press make america great again!
calling my office for me to do your rather gross showi have less interest in you than andre
the obstructionist democrats have given us or not fixed some of the worst trade deals in world history i am changing that fast!
not great!
youve said mexico is not a friend i agree usa faces mexico tomorrow in soccer could use a shout out from you
via “trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home décor”
it is amazing how often i am right only to be criticized by the media illegal immigration take the oil build the wall muslims nato!
jennifer is a terrific person
rt the proposed summit offers a historic opening for and chairman kim to boldly lead us and dprk into a new era of pe…
sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with president putin nothing will be done until the ukrainian and syrian problems are solved!
the polling numbers show a close race needs all of our support
have it fake news said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 had to apologize why did obama do nothing when he had info before election?
just got back from iowa fantastic evening with truly fabulous people will be back again soon thanks!
rt video announces a very powerful endorsement will be coming today
after hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1m from me they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect and illinformed ads
when will nyt write about vaccine damage and its price? 3 girls w autism here mr trump they should kim!
the first general killed in a combat zone since vietnam it is a travesty that obama did not attend major general harold greene’s funeral
i hope we never find life on other planets because theres no doubt that the us government will start sending them money!
hillary said she was in a fog of war as explanation for the lies about benghazi no fog allowed in wh vote trump potus!
even morethanks
did hillary really say businesses dont create jobs?! trump2016
its 46º really cold and snowing in new york on memorial day tell the socalled scientists that we want global warming right now!
secretary of defense chuck hagel seems so lost and frankly dumb he cant even speak properly poor leader in these very dangerous times!
presidential executive order on identifying and reducing tax regulatory burdens executive order …
happy birthday to our 40th president of the united states of america ronald reagan!
jobs jobs jobs!
thank you! votetrump
now that the mexican drug lord escaped from prison everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc coming into the us comes over border!
donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do
love comment about what said about lr lmao!!! celebapprentice teambrandi
oh surely if you had been elected president the united states would still reign supreme 100 certain!
our justice department must not let awan and debbie wasserman schultz off the hook the democrat it scandal is a key to much of the corruption we see today they want to make a “plea deal” to hide what is on their server where is server? really bad!
druggies drug dealers rapists and killers are coming across the southern border when will the us get smart and stop this travesty?
the music always gives it such a dramatic effect😱
thanks basil
happy birthday sir! nothing but respect for what youve accomplished thanks
obamas wind turbines kill “1339 million birds and bats every year!” save our bald eagles symbol of our nation!
which one of your trump courses is your favorite to play? hard to sayall are fantastic
minorities line up behind donald trump trump2016
house has the right bill “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it” the senate must take it up on a vote!
mr trump sure would like to see you run for president! thank you!
the upcoming season of will be terrifica great cast
almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool icahn black zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!
donald trump hands bill o’reilly cable tv viewership win
we need one smart president trump
which internet test told you this i would like to match wits with the trumpster you wouldnt have a chance!
rt liberals have an agenda and its not in americas best interest keep fighting the good fight! we stand with…
the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office mr donald trump america is ready for you lets do it
the white house is predicting 9 unemployment throughout 2012 – and when obama care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher
great job on this morning you tell it like it is! also thx for the nice mention your book sounds great!
you have to have passion for your work thats most important then keep your focus intact good luck
why is someone like george pataki who did a terrible job as governor of ny and registers zero in the polls allowed on the debate stage?
once obamacare is fully enacted in ny conveniently after 2014 expect higher premiums bigger deductibles and worse care job killer!
votetrum pm i! trump2016
i dont care what people say i like tom cruise he works his ass off and never ever quits hes one of the few true movie stars
even though i refused to pay a ridiculous price for the buffalo bills i would have produced a winner now that won’t happen
great to be back in iowa! tbt with joining me in davenport this past winter maga
gas prices are the lowest in the us in over ten years! i would like to see them go even lower
did a great job last night with the
there is nothing i would be happier to do than to donate the $5m to a charity of obama’s choice once he releases all of his records
to aspiring entrepreneurs be focused! know your goals put everything youve got into what youre doingevery single day
mary kissel is an snl character right? shes not a real person right? morningjoe she is a major loser no clue!
thank you on my way!
trump 96 success rate in business only 4 out of 100 companies went south better than any other candidate better than all
thanks for sharing eric we need now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe
wind farms are an eyesore all over scotlandruining the most beautiful parts of our country a disgrace! true!
you were very right about weiner as always
the era of division is coming to an end we will create a new future of americanunity first we need to…
report “antitrump fbi agent led clinton email probe” now it all starts to make sense!
the blue monster at trump national doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the cadillac wgcthanks
wishing everyone a happy memorial day weekend with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom
join me in sacramento californiatomorrow evening @ 7 pm ! trump2016
will be going to pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to rick saccone running for congress in a special election march 13 rick is a great guy we need more republicans to continue our already successful agenda!
every poll done on debate last night from drudge to news max to time magazine had me winning in a landslide makeamericagreatagain!
the failing should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me yesterday 3 boring articles today2!
naghmeh abedini the lovely wife of the christian pastor saeed being held in an iranian jail just left my office savesaeed
thank you to the great men and women of the united states for a job well done!
to get america back on track trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen dont hate
great article in the original apprentice
i had a very respectful conversation with the widow of sgt la david johnson and spoke his name from beginning without hesitation!
i have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy
please do the same thing for the whitestone bridge! thanks donald trump! i will try!
ｒｔ~☞ our prayers are with you be well soon ! god bless you nelson mandela mandela
tbt for all who have been asking my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person here we are with my father
why would howard ever want to play for the loser owner cuban ? i guess he didnt!
mr trump i would vote for you we need to make america great again
i have over seven million hits on social media re crooked hillary clinton check it out sleepy eyes
a trump makeover for washington’s old post office bringing a touch of class back to dc well done! thx
“if winning isnt everything why do they keep score?” vince lombardi
why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? america must remain strong
wow lyin ted cruz really went wacko today made all sorts of crazy charges cant function under pressure not very presidential sad!
heading over to and michael re apprentice!
sure hope you will do great things you are giving us something to look forward to and make america great again go trump
like it or not edward snowden is a spy and should be tried as a spy! he has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations
where were all the exposes on when rev wright disciples go to washington? sad!
join me tomorrow nov 3rd at 12 pm in trumptowerny i’ll be signing copies of my new book crippled america don’t miss it!
“i love it when people doubt me it makes me work harder to prove them wrong” – derek jeter
you are the best billionare and the great teacher!i love your inspiring books! thanks and good luck
a visionary who loves america gt thanks
should run for president! i rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician
can the relationship between the mayor of new york city and the police force ever be fixed? tune in to at 7 15
mr i admire your determination so much my best wishes to you and your family thank you
re real estate you don’t necessarily need the best location what you need is the best deal…
i am growing the republican party tremendously just look at the numbers way up! democrats numbers are significantly down from years past
loved that season!!!!! ripjoanrivers everyone did thanks
greatly appreciated thanks
great writeup on about our new executive sous chef sydney jones
adopt the arts campaign at ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs
join me in ohio tomorrow!springfield1 pm
remember how awkward chevy chase was on his short lived talk show? but he was better than
truly the best show on tv thanks!1
my interview on discussing why debt commission should be discussed in debates and convention
i am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion such a big problem for our countryi will solve
tom brokaw keeps calling mitt romney george mitts father sadly time is up for tom
haha i love how you just tell like it is! you arent who you are by not doing just that! thank you!
via by donald trump says ‘this country is going to hell in a handbasket’
love chicago trump hotel beautiful raises the bar for other hotels
why i would not have approved the deal trumpvlog
trump for president !!!!
great man doing great things thank you
wishing everyone a happy memorial day and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country
is the man! he shows you what can happen when you work hard livintheamericandream
hopefully others will follow suit our country needs and should demand security it is time to get tough and be smart!
please run for president we need you stay tuned
where’s the accountability for the $635m website fiasco in the obama administration? heads should roll and officials should be fired
nyc should hold a parade for returning iraq and afghanistan veterans
thanks great
and so have many others
should run for president thank you!
does anybody ever realize that hillaryclinton doesnt make eye contact with anyone even the camera thats a sign of lying
i was sorry to decline headlining the reagan dinner last saturday due to a prior business commitment pres reagan was one of the greats
our economy is at a standstill some are even predicting a possible double dip we need to elect in november
america will once again be a nation that thinks big dreams bigger and always reaches for the stars you are the ones who will shape america’s destiny you are the ones who will restore our prosperity and you are the ones who are making america great again! maga
icymi will media apologize to trump?
thanks michael
clear winner of the gopdebate thank you for your support! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
the polling numbers for 2012 are very interestingwill americans ultimately want their leaders to be likeable or competent?
our work group played the doral last february it is a magnificent course!thanks
why is spending millions to try and hide his records? he is the least transparent presidenteverand he ran on transparency
placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf ben hogan
the democrats want massive tax increases and soft crime producing bordersthe republicans want the biggest tax cut in history and the wall!
congrats for being named one of the most notable openings of 2014 from
thank you you finally get it!
north korea has conducted a major nuclear test their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the united states
before i bought the site the sun times had the biggest ugliest sign chicago has ever seen mine is magnificent and popular
senator dicky durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the daca meeting deals can’t get made when there is no trust! durbin blew daca and is hurting our military
alec baldwin whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on snl now says playing me was agony alec it was agony for those who were forced to watch bring back darrell hammond funnier and a far greater talent!
many people are saying that my challenge to obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers i agree
is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of allstars our fans love her
stock market just hit another record high! jobs looking very good
discussing my interview trump clamor for tax returns has died down
trump’s campaign hat becomes an ironic summer accessory the new york times
other counties are looking at us as a laughingstock truth
nicethanks
i dream to own a house in trump towers mumbai coztrumptowersisthebest
you are the toughest guy there is if you were a boxer you’d be the champ great going!
tune in to see me on with at 10am et enjoy!
you have no idea what my strategy on isis is and neither does isis a good thing please get your facts straight thanks
i hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and run for president will fight hard for victory if i do!
via photos tour donald trumps nc golf club
my thoughts on last nights meeting with in todays trumpvlog
getting ready to meet president alsisi of egypt on behalf of the united states i look forward to a long and wonderful relationship
“dont bunt aim out of the ball park aim for the company of immortals” david ogilvy
obama care stole more then $500m from medicare
ive read 3 books from and the best advice is in all three do something youre passionate about great
rt a message from donald j trump to new york!
young entrepreneurs – the holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects focus!
wishing our father tremendous luck in michigan mississippi idaho and hawaii today! amazing father!
ill be on tonight on at 10 pm
the last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from good for us makeamericagreatagain
100 real!
the midas touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success cont
crookedhillary is nothing more than a wall street puppet! bigleaguetruth debate
via “trump to speak at cpac” cpac13
absolutely right!! mikeandmike
promo for tonight w/ left years ago but still interestingall about timing
my announcement is tomorrow!
why doesnt president obama call upon the nsa to fix the badly broken websitethen they could spy on all of the many cheaters and arrest them!
was out with people from scotland last nightraved about course justin is a total winner
via trump will speak at cpacby
the most stringent gun laws in the us happen to be in chicago and look what is happening there!
stephanie cutter attended wh meetings with irs chief great investigative work by jim hoft
vote for the next miss usa vegasusa11 missusa
perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the in the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! have the election tomorrow! trump2016 demdebate
actually putin doesnt want alaska because the environmental protection agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
via donald trump trashes tacky boring oscars blasts racist django unchained
thanks tony good luck
congrats to on winning championship is a tremendous owner and has done wonders for cont
crookedhillary
i love the sign
congratulations to on getting an a grade from on his fiscal policy rick is a fantastic governor
both your parents were very nice looking great photo! thank you
the donald j trump signature collection available offers this fall’s top styles in ties shirts and suits
there are great campaigns on be sure to take a look and donate to one today
opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terriblefumbled around incoherent
is getting married today and hes a huge fan! can you give him a rt to celebrate? good luck!
chinas media is attacking while endorsing of course mitt knows its time to get tough
economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the american workers americafirst
i am honored that has featured my plane in one of his attack ads it was made in america!
the fake news is working overtime just reported that despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy and all things else 91 of the network news about me is negative fake why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? take away credentials?
tedcruz eligibility to be president not settled law says cruz constitutional law professor laurencetribe
ill be in attendance yuge makeamericagreatagain bamafortrump nice!
im watching mr trump! now and every year past love it ! and im a huge fan of u sir 👍😊 thanks
my two sons eric and don have long been expert hunters and marksmen they go on safaris and give animals to the poor and starving villagers!
without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing donald trump passion
wow ratings are down big league glad i didnt get the bills rather be lucky than good
“president trumps approval rate among likely us voters hit 50 percent on monday which puts him higher than former president barack obamas score at the same point into his first term according to a new poll” via
just stated that president trumps successes are unmatched in recent presidential history thank you lou!
quickly
im very proud of the work my son has been doing with the take a look
please run for president this country needs true leadership thank you
loser news paper and loser comedian!
set your sights and aim high you never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it midas touch
will be on tonight at 10 pm hosted by enjoy!
brande was also smart in not bringing omarosa to the boardroom
people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by fema and our great military all buildings now inspected
home of represents all that is miami energy glamour innovation and luxury
in nov 11 al qaedas flag flew over the birthplace of libyas revolution in sept 12 it flew over our embassy
via wears 2014s $300000 crown nails beauty pageant winner look
im with you! i will work hard and never let you down make america great again!
via cnet donald trump bests jeb bush in website performance experts say
im sold on trump for president!
in some ways it is sad we all wanted to succeed its not worked out that way
im a big fan but sometimes you just need to shut upyou talk too much probably true but im having fun!
donald trump is a boss always trumpin peopleand trumpin the competition love it ceo
while bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers
i love the mexican people but mexico is not our friend theyre killing us at the border and theyre killing us on jobs and trade fight!
message to obama re iran “the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it” – the art of the deal
our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates the us manufacturing sector is being cont
autismawarenessday lightitupblue
the united states has an $800 billion dollar yearly trade deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and policies our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years they laugh at what fools our leaders have been no more!
i will be in beautiful burlington vermont tonight for a rally will be great fun make america great again!
dear after doing a quick google and twitter search there are over 15000 womens groups supporting donaldtrump stop lying
why dont u do it donald trump just watch!
the only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary vidal sassoon
lets make america great again!schedule and tickets
the women are unbelievable but getting to hang with steven tyler will be the highlight! steven sings tonight
you always know what to say youre an inspiration for millions if not billions thank you
obama wanted putin to reset instead putin laughed at him and reloaded
north korea disrespected the wishes of china and its highly respected president when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today bad!
its still exciting after all these years and this cast is special!
taking a photo with my family on the opening day of trump international golf links scotland
national pearl harbor remembrance day “a day that will live in infamy!” december 7 1941
trump is hosting the wgc from march 6th – 10th join mei will be there all four days
i would have had many millions of votes more than crooked hillary clinton except for the fact that i had 16 opponents she had one!
via by “donald trump next president needs to be ‘a great one’”
alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like big luther strange smart tough on crime borders and trade loves vets and military tuesday!
why do losers and haters always say i wear a “wig” when they know i don’t like it or not it’s all mine—just ask barbara walters
fact – while jeb was governor and rubio was house majority leader florida’s debt more than doubled conservatives?
mr trump? how can people hate such a brilliant person? it is hard to believe isnt it! thanks
good news 1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world! a great place!
fan favorite once again shines in the record 13th season of all star he is an amazing and wonderful guy!
there will be big news coming soon for our great american autoworkers after many decades of losing your jobs to other countries you have waited long enough!
please run for pres mr
makeamericagreatagain 2016
vast sums of money to nato and the united states must be paid more for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides to germany!
when the economy is bad wants to raise taxes when the economy is good wants to raise taxes notice a trend?
that could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment this season of celebrity apprentice is greatbe sure to watch
join me in henderson nevada on wednesday at 11 30am! maga tickets
china has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a one billion dollar reduction in their massive trade deficit with the united states our relationship with china has been a very good one and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with we must act soon!
why does@ bill oreilly keep putting karl rove on his showa total waste of time rove spent $400 000 000 and didnt win a racepathetic!
too bad ill have another out of belmont stakes interest now way down
it was an honor to stop by a schoolchoice event hosted by pence and secretary at the…
today i announced our strategy to confront the iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon
if runs for president i will vote for the first time ever until then
the republicans never should have agreed to this past summers debt deal military cuts will now come along with tax increases
thank you very nice!
i was wondering your take on obama saluting with a coffee in his hand? big deal or no? terrible!
does anyone really believe that chuck hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports israel?
sugar should say thank you donald like a good little boy
trump does not own the hotel he just licensed him name out for it wrong i own the hotel!
be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation donald j trump
thanks and we will keep you posted
democrats dont want massive tax cuts how does that win elections? great reviews for tax cut and reform bill
after being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election the fake news is still lost!
loved the debate last night and almost everyone said i won but the rnc did a terrible job of ticket distrbution all donors and special ints
republican tax cuts are looking very good all are working hard in the meantime the stock market hit another record high!
“ donald trump talks joan rivers” via by
obama is making the ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the us by not halting flights from west africa airport testing a joke
people please! although i would support trump he will never run for president fact why would he ever be so stupid!just wait
do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world
shouldve disclosed his daughter works for hillaryclinton and univision is being sued by
so many major problems for the us and no answers by our leaders when will it all change? many of our difficulties are so easy to solve!
look what the president of nbc sent me recently about his stay in my las vegas hotel very loyal guy
my video response to president obamas lack of transparency
so many lives and two trillion dollars wasted and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the world such stupid leaders
many people have been asking me to answer questions you can ask me questions at any time trumpqanda
mr made 👍amp👊 impression
tomorrow we celebrate independence day americas 236th birthday here is americas actual birth certificate
crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled ms13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities and democrats in congress refuse to close these loopholes including the disgraceful practice known as catchandrelease democrats must abandon their resistance
on friday said that china has better cities and airports than the us well what has done about it the last 3 years?!
i could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorly—there is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tapped—and nobody sees it!
thousands of great people showed up from liberty university yesterday i love standing ovations!
the obama administration is the american disaster trump 2016 is the solution so true!
is everyone enjoying obamacare’s 21 new 2014 taxes? it’s obama’s special gift added on to your rising premium
so much for washington shutting down strasburg they deserved to lose
for president 2016 i would be first in line at the polls
great meeting with governor mapp of the usvi he is very thankful for the great job done by and first responders
some democrats think rand paul is a threat wait until gets cranked up trum pm eister
mr trump i personally enjoy your tweets! some are very informative! thank you for your words of wisdom!
mitt romney called to congratulate me on the win very nice!
you cant tax business business doesnt pay taxes it collects taxes ― ronald reagan
iraq should be paying us while we fight isis give the money to the families of our brave soldiers
“simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal” – think big
dopey sugar i hear your ratings last week were at an all time lowyou better get them up or youll be fired
great advice from my mother “trust in god and be true to yourself” – mary macleod trump
the arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at no labels yesterday was a jeb staffer! how can he beat russia and china?
seriously love all things trump! justsayin thanks
paulina vega will be introduced tonight at the finale of celebrity apprenticeshe is a great beauty and a monster star in sa
iranian officials say that the wh is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement
if doesnt fire kenya tonight somehow im over this show come on don youre smart get rid of her
focus on your goals not your problems problems are a mind exerciselearn to play beyond your comfort zone
president donald j trump and melania participate in the pardoning of the national thanksgiving turkey at the white house
thank you! makeamericagreatagain
you must be relentless and maintain energy and respond as you have been its a marathon true
there are a multitude of reasons to follow mr trumpgreat american thank you!
thailand
i have hired renowned golf course architect gil hanse to rebuild the blue monster at doral he designed the 2016 cont
yesterday barack obama said he wants wind turbines manufactured here in china i dont think this was a gaffe
save america trump
the palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing israeli citizenscontinued
celebrity apprentice in 15 minutes dont miss it!
the us should not be giving away our strategy and tactics to the enemy so they can prepare just go and do what you have to do!
so glad the celebrity apprentice is back!! i love this show
corrupt largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the obama solyndra boondoggle chicago cronyism
the dishonest ny daily news reporter advised my rep in writing story is dead and then put it out anyway a total lie and she knew it!
president should not be telling the washington redskins to change their nameour country has far bigger problems! focus on themnot nonsense
we cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our country!
i will be interviewed on with the legendary coach bobby knight tomorrow morning enjoy! indprimary
cant wait for my first presidential vote to be for you! trump16
please run with your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track! very true
it was a very wise move that ted cruz renounced his canadian citizenship 18 months ago senator john mccain is certainly no friend of ted!
great to meet everyone while having breakfast this morning! fitn votetrumpnh
rt ive never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place…
a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he designed downtownamp others!
thanks old post office is hidden treasure worth the time to visit! it will be fantastic!
ill be appearing on larry king live for his final show thursday night at 9 pm cnn larrys been on tv for 25 years
nypost gets it you talk like a new yorker my dad is a democrat longislander he gets it too and youve got his vote
good news voters give the edge over on handling the economy according to
great reporting by and so many others thank you!
rt im not against the media im against the fake media cashinin
thank you for running you have my vote and im spreading the word we need you there to fix this mess
is one of the smartest men in america put him in the office so true thanks!
just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in e hampton my portrait by artist william quigley topped list at $60k
dt please get in the race for president
obama’s second term is going to very tough for the republicans the republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart
has exposed the massive obamacare fraud perpetuated by navigator programs
heading to the southern white house to watch the funeral service of barbara bush first lady melania has arrived in houston to pay our respects will be a beautiful day!
here’s she and make a terrific team as my advisors celebapprentice
all is well between me and we wear big boy pants mine happens to be camo noworries great jase!
thank you new hampshire! fitn
ill be on with andy dean at 6 30 et today talking about last nights debate
iowa was amazing today great crowd great people thanks will be back soon!
such amazing people in india this trip is very enlightening!
do you mean the presidents birthplace?
johnkasich all you career politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear trump gets elected
so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man great
everyones wondering whats wrong with arod not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore the real reason
i was asked about healthcare by anderson cooper and have been consistent i will repeal all of obamacare including the mandate period
one year ago i started calling president obama incompetent and people thought it was too tough tonight everyone is using that word!
thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the republican national convention 1 over crooked hillary and dems
if you can dream it you can do it waltdisney hope your dreaming of 1600 pennsylvania ave
in new bloomberg poll donald trump ahead of christie cruz carson huckabee fiorina graham jindal kasich perry santorum
sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesnt want to run against me he would be so easy to beat!
how much longer are we expected to put up with the worlds most incompetent leader obamacare iran syria bads deals just never ends
despite all the statements to the contrary obama’s policies will increase taxes on everyone enjoy!
im helping the serta counting sheep get back to work enter the contest and win a trip to las vegas
thanks donald great showwhen r u coming back to massachusetts? very soon!
thank you jiatfsouth and keep up the great work!
they are dummies!
crookedhillary has failed all over the world! 􏰀 bigleaguetruth debates2016
via by “trump calls a cokehead” schneiderman is by his own admission!
movie producer harvey weinstein who lost his company to colony capital is against guns but makes movies w/ major gun violencereally!
via by “trump obamacare not working for business going to collapse”
my advice run for president!
cant wait 4 celeb apprentice ♡ the donald! finally ive been waiting 2 long!
my trump home mattress collection by serta is setting recordsthey are really phenomenal you can order them at
i have been very consistent and always said that iraq would fall as soon as the us left what a terrible waste of lives and money!
true but the losers dont know thatthanks
speaks the truth refreshing honesty no politics bs
i honestly think he needs to run for president id vote for him in a heart beat mans a genius!! thank you!
henry mcmaster loves the people of south carolina and was with me from the beginning he is strong on crime and borders great for our military and our vets he is doing a fantastic job as your governor and has my full endorsement a special guy vote on tuesday!
be sure to listen to my interview today w/ on congratulations to steve on his new show!
remember how badly iran was behaving with the iran deal in place they were trying to take over the middle east by whatever means necessary now that will not happen!
watch my interview with greta van susteren on her show on the record tonight on fox news in the 10 pm hour
i have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds but the media refuses to show or discuss them something very big is happening!
please run in 2016 we cant have another obama
the thousands of people that showed up for me in phoenix were amazing americans called them craziesmust apologize!
join me at 4 pm over at the lincoln memorial with my family! inauguration2017
finally read the art of the deal outstanding book and applies to every facet of life thinkbig thanks
you may be right!
dont forget to tune in to the celebrity apprentice this sunday night 9 pm on nbc the fireworks continue
making america great again!
thankswill be great!
thank you to all of the great men and women at the us customs and border protection facility in yuma arizona and around the united states!
dopey is in for a lot of trouble—i hope he has $5 million for charity
who couldnt get elected dog catcher in nh forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate 992
the world just wont be safe until the name trump is emblazoned on the white house
cant wait 2 see the white house makeover when trump is president our country would thrive!
dont forget success! the most complimented cologne in my collection by far! thanks!
agreed theyre doing a great job
even liberals and democrats think eric schneiderman’s use of the atty general’s office is unfair and unethical
thanks for your nice statement on access hollywood you are a great person and talenti adore you!
i went to doral over the holidayshave to say it was everything i expected a trump facility to be staff is exceptional
how about jim furyk and his 59 today greatness jim furyk is a great golfer and a great guy!
yourworld if wins barry diller will move out of country sounds like a win win
forget both of them lets hear it for ma man
jobless claims at a 49 year low!
flashback donald trump answers boys prayer for new bike via
thanks this country needs a real leader and you are the man! trum pm ypresident dt2016 donaldtrump2016
i cant decide if you will be a great president or the greatest president! trump2016
thanks lynn!
via “donald trump plans huge towers in rio for postolympic building boom”
rt your boss pardoned a traitor who gave us enemies state secrets he also pardoned a terrorist who killed americans spar…
highly respected economist is a big fan of my tax plan—thank you larry
todays the day trump2016! good luck!
entrepreneurs do your best to your utmost ability every day make that your standard
apologize to the press for not being a politician because you havent learned to lie yet go donald!
“gods word is the same yesterday and today and a million years from now”
great men do great things america needs you americas allies need you in truth the world needs you wow
two explanations on that seem no longer sufficient 1 its early 2 it is all a media creation
rt happy to announce we are awarding $1m to las vegas in order to help local law enforcement working ot to respond to l…
at the old post office
“failure has a thousand explanations success doesnt need one” alec guinness
a really nice article about the blue monster from “the street”
the new reality china and japan are warning us not to default reckless government spending has made us weak
oh really werent they brutally mugging people all over the park? and now they are seeking damages ridiculous!
shell never go out of style true!
donald trump visits doral resort says he’s allaying neighbors’ concerns via
this looks epic! i need to play this course!! it is great!
i will be on tonight interview with bill oreilly on at 8 pm repeated at 11 pm
very excited to start reading theartofthedeal after being so inspired by howtogetrich great good luck!
was speaking the truth this morning on too many flags let the boys play
rememberthe worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal
krauthammer sold some books now his pomposity thinks he knows us pres politicsjust another dc insider!
oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times opec continues to rip us off not worth $30 new leadership needed
the more predictable the business the more valuable it is predictability also means consistency of brand experience midas touch
the chinese envoy who just returned from north korea seems to have had no impact on little rocket man hard to believe his people and the military put up with living in such horrible conditions russia and china condemned the launch
leadership has permanently scarred and perhaps destroyed a great university they should have cont
i really enjoyed doing the show circuit this am discussing lightweight ag eric schneiderman and the terrible job he has done for ny
to all haters and losers i am not antivaccine but i am against shooting massive doses into tiny children spread shots out over time
i am impressed with how clearly explains the challenges we face and the solutions will bring as president
please save our country before its too late!! president trump sounds perfect thanks
the key word is yet keep at it never give up
crookeds state dept gave special attention to friends of bill after the haiti earthquake unbelievable!
stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades great level of confidence and optimism even before tax plan rollout!
think big stay focused be passionate don’t ever give up
i just gave lots of money away at trump tower to people who needed itthey were very happy and appreciative!
someone needs to fire ! he will fire himselfa total loser!
i always watch your monday morning interviews on fox and they are all fantastic trump for potus!
i have been consistent in my opposition to common core get rid of common core keep education local!
i will be releasing the full interview with a guy named baxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and clowns!
if congress gives us the massive tax cuts and reform i am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds maga
but nobody askeda great school!
money solves all problems momoneymoproblems wrong!
benghazi is bigger than watergate don’t let obama get away with allowing americans to die kick him out of office tomorrow
almost no news organizations are showing the satirical pictures gee i wonder why? the media is usually so brave!
conde nast traveler readers choice awards best resorts in europe trump intl hotel and golf links doonbeg voted 1
bravo!!! thank you
the lady in chicago that im fighting owes me $500 000 and is sophisticated and vicious she made up a story and plays the age card bad!
my campaign for president is $35000000 under budget i have spent very little and am in 1st placenow i will spend big in iowa/nh/sc
thank you for being so gracious beautiful hotel doral
the arab spring is not working out so wellnice name bad results!
for those few people knocking me for tweeting at three oclock in the morning at least you know i will be there awake to answer the call!
at the national achievers congress in london this october im going to talk about success and how to avoid failure
looking forward to itthanks
keystone must pass keystone by linking it to another bill
a year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack never forget!
i agree with kevin being fired cause he tried to outsmart your father celebapprentice
obamas new excuse for his failures is that you cant change washington from the inside not what he said in 09
crooked hillary clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of emails many missing!
he made a deal with saudi arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election watch what cont
now it’s the “greatest pageant on earth” broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion people—“hot!”
people forget it was club for growth that asked me for $1 million i said no and they went negative extortion!
great defense by the this weekend—congratulations to 6 points allowed!
just leaving akron ohio after a packed rally amazing people! going now to texas
i cant wait for to announce that hes running for president
kateall my best wishes to you
and i were honored to host our first wh congressional picnic a wonderful evening and tradition
join me tonight in cedar rapids iowa at 7 pm arizona tomorrow night at 3 pm
when i watch the clouds all i see is your face and think successwow!
thanks for all the inspirational tweets i like tolearn from the best thank you!
obamas foreign policy is a complete and total disasterthe worst president we have ever had
boardroom is going to get ugly!!!😬😬😬
hillary clinton doesnt have the strength or the stamina to make america great again! americafirst
glad to hear that will be speaking at the convention he is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
a week after biden says that the taliban is not our enemy the taliban demand that we pay iraq for a 9 year occupation
carl cameron is the only reporter i know who consistently fumbles and misrepresents poll results he has been so wrong and he hates it!
thats a great book the art of the deal
this will be the biggest tax cut in the history of our country and we need it! taxreform read more
inside ‘bill clinton inc’ hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income draintheswamp!
sarah palin defends donald trumps immigration plan on fox news via
my thoughts on the geico ad and more in todays video blog
wow obama really put it to israel by canceling flights there this puts them at a tremendous disadvantage tourism and more will just stop
trump is much better than any rock concert! he knows how to fill a stadium
thank you massachusetts! trump2016 supertuesday
trade negotiations are continuing with china they have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the us for many years stay tuned!
yesterday in front of rockefeller center
please mr trump put on your show celebapprentice? he would do great!
all i have to say is trump for president! stay tuned!
donald trump would be an amazing president because hes not gonna sugar coat anything trump
i will be doing the live from new hampshire at 7am on monday morning trumptoday
via by “trump im going to surprise a lot of people in 2016”
i will be interviewed from cleveland ohio on tonight at 10 00 pm enjoy!
california’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk thousands of dangerous and violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies set free to prey on innocent americans this must stop!
first the ninth circuit rules against the ban and now it hits again on sanctuary citiesboth ridiculous rulings see you in the supreme court!
yes sir wish you were president with decision power to lead this country back to greatness
you were awesome!
the resolution being considered at the united nations security council regarding israel should be vetoedcont
now cleveland and the country needs you to run for president!!! thanks
crooked’s top aides were mired in massive conflicts of interests at the state dept we must draintheswamp debate
no complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if i wasnt in them? interesting question!
wow imagine what hell do as president thanks ford listened to me great!
was just voted the 1 hotel in canada in conde nast traveler’s prestigious reader’s choice awards
he is sounding more and more like a real team playerhe is a really good guy!
new national rasmussen poll
love love love that wall memories forever! architecture nyc
michael jackson with donald trump bestmjpics
watch out sir! my daughter and i are the next donald and ivanka! im coming for youwith a business proposal of course!
has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputationthe time to cont
thank you for your support! together we will make america great again!
agreed! romney would be a terrible candidate that could never beat hillary we need trump!
41 of american voters believe the election could be stolen from donaldtrump due to widespread voter fraud politico
waiting for the biased media to write about the 30000 carly fired as a failed ceo america is for trump!
why is webb there??
forty six million americansmore than at any time ever in the history of this countrynow live under the poverty line timetogettough
today’s assignment read chapter 7 ‘trump tower the tiffany location’ of the art of the deal focus on how i marketed the property
if its one person i admire itll be for all the success hes had in his lifetime thank you!
i agree its a beautiful course to play thanks
wow a really nice lead in new hampshire an increase since my last poll!
thank you for your support! americafirst imwithyou
finally someone tells it how it is agree with you 100
lawrence odonnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled tv series mister cont
the upcoming record 13th season of is going to be very special our production teams ingenuity is amazing
like einstein was the greatest scientist i submit you are the greatest entreprenuer of our time thank you
cant wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow hope u talk about how lame mayweatherpacquiao was trump2016
too many people rely on auto correctan assistant of mine apologizes!
big win today for building the wall it will secure the border and save lives now the full house and senate must act! ➡️
i think you are responsible for lower gas prices only you had the balls to call out opec thank you mr trump
you are such a welcome voice of reason thanks!
washington versus trump ❤ amptrumps supporters trumpdog
entrepreneurs negotiation is an art treat it like one
obamacare is imploding it is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet by far! republicans will come together and save the day
someone should ask in todays press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined
happy new year! we are making america great again and much faster than anyone thought possible!
its true he didnt get his show until after he won the apprentice
crooked hillary clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in pennsylvania against steelworkers and miners husband signed nafta
no once respect is lost its gone forever always suspicion in any relationship
melania and i will be appearing on larry king live tonight 9 pm on cnn be sure to tune in for some great conversation!
wow just heard that that next tuesday’s politics and eggs is the largest crowd ever looking forward to making new friends
tomorrow nights episode of the apprentice delivers excitement at qvc along with appearances by isaac mizrahi and cathie black 10 pm on nbc
well said obamacare
why trump
entrepreneurs always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future be sure to cultivate relationships
courage is being scared to death and saddling up anyway john wayne
the boardroom and im watching great entertainment tonight! celebapprentice
not when you are running for mayor!
just stayed in trump chicagoby far the nicest hotel in chicago absolutely amazing job! great thx
loves the
i am definitely voting for this man right here
tremendous pressure is building like never before for the border wall and an end to crime cradling sanctuary cities started the wall in san diego where the people were pushing really hard to get it they will soon be protected!
i am truly honored to have been chosen statesman of the year by the republican party of sarasota county the cont
just purchased a few trump ties great styling!
reading thinklikeachampion by the most inspirational person! thank you mr trump thank you
yep what a rough day i bet loves the leaderboard looking like a us open
when written in chinese the word crisis is composed of two characters one represents danger and the other represents opportunity jfk
its late in july and it is really cold outside in new york where the hell is global warming??? we need some fast! its now climate change
would you be aggressive as president? not aggressive smart!
flashback “alex salmond pleaded with donald trump to back release of lockerbie bomber”
unlike crooked hillary clinton who wants to destroy all miners i want wages to go up in america we will do so by bringing back jobs!
for president in 2016 you have my vote
hey the sign looks good this morning! see it everyday as i work around the corner at southcom
happy belated birthday to chris wallace! chris does a great job every week on like father like son
i will be on the situation room with from 57 pm est on cnn
awe get better fast little onexoxoxo thanks roxanne
its amazingmy weekly scheduled interviews on and draw the highest ratings and they get bigger week by weekthanks folks!
i like trump tower celebapprentice
good question!
after watching this episode of celebrity apprentence no one can say anything about americanvalues
big meetings today at the united nations so many interesting leaders america first will make america great again!
eric trump on on now!
it’s been stated that dopey ny used cocaine while he was a state senator
you really need to run for president our country needs a leader like you!
we need a business oriented man in office! run! youve got my vote!
do people ever call you donny? yes
mitt romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog now he calls me racistbut i am least racist person there is
who should be the 2016 gop nominee? participate in 1776 coalitions live poll vote donald trumppresident
i will be going to mississippi tomorrow night hear the crowds are going to be massive! look forward to it
2016 too late america wont survive another 12 months of this lawless o regime and cowards thats what comebacks r about
thank you! gopdebate
government can be efficient with the right leadership let’s make america great again
blair you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about trump chicago and sign pr
100 agreed!!
cast is setthe best weve ever had shooting starts in 2 weeksairs in february
great interview in of he makes me proud
be sure to watch my interview on tonight!
rt trump to give $5 million to charity if obama releases records
will be back in virginia tonight for a 6 pm rally at the berglund center in roanoke join me! tickets …
this nation will be on the right track once i see your name on the presidential ballot trump2016 thanks
via by the irreplaceable brand of donald trump
obama’s motto if i don’t go on tax payer funded vacations and constantly fundraise then the terrorists win
get out and vote nebraska we will make america great again!
i will be in maryland this afternoon for a major rally things are looking good for tuesday!
“the road to easy street goes through the sewer” – john madden
obama still refuses to stop the flights is he stubborn or just plain incompetent i say both!
excellent story on very good moment for ryan vpdebate
my int by w/ discussing the sunday premiere of 14th season
wonder how long it takes the released terrorists to attack americans?
one of the many things i admire about you mr trump is that you arent afraid to speak your mind true!
in 2016 the old post office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination trump intl washington dc
first time in my life i wish i was an american citizen so i could vote for !!
your parents must have been wonderful people thanks for sharing they werethanks
how i wish mr trump would write more books so in love with his books i am now writing the art of the deal part ii
1 each week you the audience can choose an mvp among the celebrities using twitter…
congratulations to tom brady on yet another great victory tom is my friend and a total winner!
you are my hero thank you!
be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday night 9 pm on nbc
busy day—working on buying a major property—and creating lots of jobs
there was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w/the white house iran and china all celebrated chuck hagel being voted in as sod
we have to vote for ! our nation cant afford another bush! makeamericagreatagain
what financial pros can learn from donald trumps communication style very nice thanks!
country shouldnt be capitalized there donald i always cap when talking about the usa only!
thank you las vegas review journal! editorial donald trump for president via
if the can somehow beat verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series and i will go to games 6amp 7 so they will win!
you are powerless online and powerless in real life why do you followme moron!
cnn is so biased never ever watch them trump 2016!!
when i was 18 people called me donald trump when he was 18 was barry soweto weird
with all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information i have no idea
congratulations to dana rohrabacher on his big california win we are proud of you dana!
my interview w/
what influenced you to go into politics? it will be the total incompetence of politicians and our leaders!
also new products they are going back to the pre steve jobs days and i have stock
looking forward to watching donald trump rally thursday night on cnn!!
hillary clinton wants to create the most liberal supreme court in history debate draintheswamp
where are you? im already getting bored and it hasnt even started demdebate
hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumpruncom have you?
really are you sure every penny of the $7 billion going to africa as per obama will be stolen just 97
congressman john lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district which is in horrible shape and falling apart not to
is performing donaldtrump is hosting tonights saturdaynightlive is going to be legendary
rt back to cincinnati ohio this thursday 12/1/16 at 7 pm for peotus thankyoutour2016! join us!
thank you for standing up for america lets make this country great again!
please fire kenya first really?
great governor is in indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck true leadership
how can a dummy dope like harry hurt who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me be on tv discussing trump?
alabama get out and vote for luther strange he has proven to me that he will never let you down! maga
the democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election and so badly 306 so they made up a story russia fake news !
cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for €10bn bailout we owe $17t think it can’t happen here?
it is time to draintheswamp in washington dc! vote nov 8th to take down the rigged system!
please run! im with you till the end! everyone who wants to makeamericangreatagain is! vote for trump/2016! god bless
“image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product” – midas touch
we need trump 1 in the nfl 2 in the oval office and 3 on his own reality show cute!
thanks for the good word
yesterday was matt drudges birthday happy birthday great job!
i will soon start naming magazines that i think will foldi predicted news week
watch my wife melania trump tonight on at 1 am so proud of her!
just watched you on thank you for your nice comments
awesome show i havent missed 1 show from season 1 till now great!
see ungrateful little statement to me a year ago— he was kissing my ass!
via “trump researching 2016 run”
nice call on predicting that the ipod would be dead finished gone kaput great business foresight
the countdown is on the 13th season of allstar premieres this sunday march 3rd at 9 pm est on big!
seth cant help it he is really trying hard but just doesnt have what it takes very awkward and insecure!
nebraska votetrump today! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
smartest man in american television gt mark burnett voice bible survivor apprentice
r the rumors true mr trump? r u running 4 pres we need a smart person in the white house
i have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world rex tillerson chairman and ceo of exxonmobil to be secretary of state
dont waste time on your haters!let them hate you keep building your empire respect jealoushaters great!
i hope people will start to focus on our massive tax cuts for business jobs and the middle class in addition to democrat corruption!
arena was packed totally electric!
congratulations to our new national security advisor general hr mcmaster video
yes she is fantastic!
looking forward to joining tuesday 9/15 in la aboard the the battleship of presidents! join us!
americans already believe that is better qualified to serve as president over no surprise
i knew chris matthews when he was sane and quite honestly wonderful now hes gone off the deep end as an obama surrogate
mexico sent usmc andrew tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing mexico does not respect our border or us boycott! freeourmarine
this country needs someone like you that speaks their mind and is great with economics/finances trumpforpotus
there is no way that carly fiorina can become the republican nominee or win against the dems boxer killed her for senate in california!
we are about to have a record $500b trade deficit with the chinese this year that money should be back here financing jobs in america
isnt it amazing that paid a fortune for an iowa poll which shows me in first place over cruz by 13 33 to 20 then doesnt use it
goofy elizabeth warren sometimes known as pocahontas bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing total hypocrite!
“ honors donald trump at second annual ‘jewish 100′ gala” via
a working dinner tonight with prime minister abe of japan and his representatives at the winter white house maralago very good talks!
trump international hotel and golf links luxury resort in doonbeg on irelands
my son would be ecstatic!! bills fan from 5 years old!
my wife melania will be on tomorrow morning at 8 00 interviewed by enjoy!
hillary clintons open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all americans and make everyone less safe
obama’s carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in america more real estate depreciated wildlife killed incl bald eagles
a good 75 of s tweets get favorited great!
the wall street journal stated falsely that i said to them “i have a good relationship with kim jong un” of n korea obviously i didn’t say that i said “i’d have a good relationship with kim jong un” a big difference fortunately we now record conversations with reporters
thank you ohio! together we made history – and now the real work begins america will start winning again!…
guess which potus has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? is cont
just came back from chicago and ur building there is gorgeous! best looking one in the city class and luxury all the way
yes donald seen it in chicago last month too thumbs up! wearethepeople thanks
bc our government are spineless we need someone who will stand their ground you have my support
our troops are trained to put a 762mm through a fleas ass from 1000m not fight a virus
sadly the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanicsa tough subjectmust be discussed
via donald trump is not arod fan
congratulations to on winning their first atlantic division title since 1994 is a great new yorker and knick!
i love when comes on he is so refreshingly honest greatguest
minorities line up behinddonald trump trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
ready for your interview on kellyfile enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for 2016presidential
i patiently await for mr trump to throw the towel in the ring ! he will never be beaten by anyone !
hahahahahahahalove it! makeamericagreatagain trump2015 trumptrain choo chooall aboard!
new poll wow53 say president obama is not honest and trustworthy what took them so long go back and look at his house purchase in chicago
i don’t know whether i will win or lose the lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity
even the seals who killed bin laden dont like
i just returned from iowa what a beautiful state the people are amazing and the event for congressman steve king was a great success!
im not hearing much from obama or his administration about my $5m offer to charity or to which charity the money will go
with a solid cameo in homealone2 thanks it was great funwho knew it would be so big
with terry mcauliffe gov of virginia at the trump winery in charlottesville valargest on east coast
the blue! i dont care what says or screw them! im voting 4 you mr trump! trumpforpresident
i was always a big fan of kim novak and still am—a wonderful actress
rt we are not in a trade war with china that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who repr…
the best christmas present i could ever ask for is having retweet me once merry christmas!
via by “donald trump reveals new cast talks joan rivers role on show”
a big contingent of very enthusiastic roy moore fans at the rally last night we can’t have a pelosi/schumer liberal democrat jones in that important alabama senate seat need your vote to make america great again! jones will always vote against what we must do for our country
a little more moderation would be good of course my life hasnt exactly been one of moderation ~donald trump
when you leave russia please bring back some leaders! interesting!
performing live on the miss universe pageant from the mandalay bay resort casino will be telemundo orianthi john legend and the roots
congratulations to justice neil gorsuch on his elevation to the united states supreme court a great day for americ…
the language used by me at the daca meeting was tough but this was not the language used what was really tough was the outlandish proposal made a big setback for daca!
on international womens day join me in honoring the critical role of women here in america and around the world
thanks metalchick!
rt the weak jokers who so badly hurt great penn state university should have fought the ncaa
happy birthday to the best businessman in the world thank you
windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil a 34 higher mortality rate than coal alone outrageous!
the fed continues to flood the market with us dollars wrong move
nice move! worth while investment cant wait to see how well its finished!
trump 2016!! period
great memory celebapprentice
is ranked the top course in the west if youre in the area book a round today
congratulations to evan lysacek for being nominated si sportsman of the year hes a great guy and he has my vote! evanforsi
we don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states obama will steal it make sure all your friends and family vote
rt someone please fact check her coal comments give me a break debates
chain migration cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on immigration!
the failing does major fake news china story saying mrxi has not spoken to mr trump since nov14 we spoke at length yesterday!
a great and important day at the united nationsmet with leaders of many nations who agree with much or all of what i stated in my speech!
looking forward to my wedding at turnberry 2mo! ur staff has been amazing! it will be fantastic!
if does buy the buffalo bills they could become a winning team in the near future thanks
via by lauren odomirok trump norman play renovated golf course
with on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed celebapprentice
we spent two trillion dollars in iraq and got nothing now we are going back and will again get nothing because our leaders are clueless!
so great to be in new york catching up on many things remember i am still running a major business while i campaign and loving it!
when an employee leaves me and begs to come backi never let them loyalty is very important
please remember i am the only candidate who is selffunding his campaign kasich rubio and cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!
spolier alert…the record setting 13th season of all star also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom
its apprentice time
chuckvery fair best wishes!
hey donald! whats the best confidence builder? going against losers like mark cuban!
the only person in politics who shouldn’t have term limits is president trump! cute!
met with today at the great discussion!
congratulations to and jared on the big news i will have yet another grandchild this fall!
best apprentice episode ever tonight at 8 00
crooked hillary clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on presidential election than i did facebook was on her side not mine!
getting ready to celebrate the 4th of july with a big crowd at the white house happy 4th to everyone our country will grow and prosper!
they devalue everything stupid!
why didn’t the 13 angry democrats investigate the campaign of crooked hillary clinton many crimes much collusion with russia? why didn’t the fbi take the server from the dnc? rigged investigation!
thank you to everyone who came out and joined us yesterday!
dont let them try to school you or try to rearrange you you have a mind of your ownstay sharp i will!
i predict somebody is going to sue you!
figure out what really moves you youve got to have the fire in order to have the midas touch midas touch
sensational make sure you play the full 18 before you go thanks phil
romneycare/obamacare architect gruber apologized for his comments he should apologize for the $2t monstrosity and return all taxpayer money
id think you make a great president but i would really miss theapprentice been a fan since the beginning
the donald goes to cpac tv star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of america by
china just called they want to lend obama another $1b for the obamacare web site
rivers comes back in a big way tonight on celebrity apprentice she is fantastic 9 on nbc
definitely watch ‘s ‘danger ahead’ very insightful particularly on how corp inversions hurt america
he gets the china problem why dont the others?
your thoughts on obamas trip to africa? a total waste of taxpayers money! $100 million
i think joe biden made correct decision for him and his family personally i would rather run against hillary because her record is so bad
as long as ivanka is involved in his cabinet im in smartwomen
my new book timetogettough out dec 5th outlines how to make america rich again order now through amazon
the failing story is so totally wrong on transition it is going so smoothly also i have spoken to many foreign leaders
via trump to republicans play the debt ceiling card by
al sharpton loves trump because he knows i get him others dont! check out picture
thank you iowa! trump2016
so upset that celebrity apprentice is almost over its way too short this season realize theres 2 episodes but want more
trump for office!! hes a good man! i am?
it must have been president obama that called in what will go down as the dumbest play in the history of football same thought process!
rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol
i will be on mornings with maria on the fox business network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am et hours
will be epic!
keep stimulating your mind with big ideas be a collector of big ideas constantly fill your mind with new information think big
the only way im voting for president is if runs cute!
we played trump intl last year spectacular golf course caddy alan neal made the day
trump approval hits 50
and people zinged donald trump for talking about ebola how is this klain guy any more qualified?actually less qualified
enough donnie stop busting the guys balls why hes a total loser!
via “donald trump ‘rich people don’t like me’–poor middleincome people ‘like me best’”
the blue monster golf course officially opens tomorrow at trump national doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony great course great reviews!
great news ! maga
what is mitch mcconnell thinking?make the big deal!
there are no friends over there you can not trust anybody they where probably set up get our boys out
in 15 minutes!
it was a great honor to welcome atlantas heroic first responders to the white house this afternoon!
why is the being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the justaired and very boring demdebate?
i will be on at 8 00 pm enjoy!
think like a billionaire by a mustread
the roger stone report on is false fake news have not spoken to roger in a long time had nothing to do with my decision
honduras mexico and many other countries that the us is very generous to sends many of their people to our country through our weak immigration policies caravans are heading here must pass tough laws and build the wall democrats allow open borders drugs and crime!
iowa is meaninglesskeep pushing forward run the table in nh sc nv and super tuesday america needs you! trumptrain
i love your sayingsvery inspirationalthank you thanks
rt thank you for the warm welcome i’m excited to be in hyderabad india for ges2017
if these guys have any integrity theyd say no to msnbc a network that few watch and is very negative re debate
the election is still close but trending toward he leads all national polls and obamas likeability is imploding vote!
i am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him
join me tomorrow in dubuque iowa! iacaucus trump2016
crookedhillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in florida ohio and pennsylvania i havent started yet!
looking forward to visiting mason city iowa tomorrow will be my 8th day in the hawkeye state this year!
what do you mean “if” donald ran!? if he doesnt run were sunk
you would be phenomenal in officei am truly a big fan of what you stand for thank you
have a great easter i love you all!
one of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great they have lost their way and are no longer credible
we should be able to negotiate a deal with iran because they know we could blow them away to the stone agethey just dont believe we would
provides luxury accommodations and a championship par 72 7400 yd course book your tee time now
via by “in nh ‘the donald’ hammers mitt jeb as he again weighs a run for president”
guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so we’ve made it available for purchase!
if you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect critics will be harmless keep your focus!
great night in denver colorado thank you! together we will make america great again! icymi watch rally here …
obamacare is dead and the democrats are obstructionists no ideas or votes only obstruction it is solely up to the 52 republican senators!
getting ready to land in hawaii looking so much forward to meeting with our great military/veterans at pearl harbor!
all these pols are such ass kissing fakes trump is theonly one speaking truthtrump for pres !!! 2016
you have failed failed and failed bigleaguetruthtime to draintheswamp!
entrepreneurs are all unique one way to build a business and turn it into a brand is to know who you are midas touch
i was 1 on twitter and so positive thank you!
and they kept rand paul on the main stage lets get huck and christie back
your tweets are always epic!! 😂
new gravis poll in nh just out trump 32 carson 13
jeb is a hypocrite! used massive private eminent domain just another clueless politician!
was in iowa yesterdaygreat people record crowds at both speeches something big is happening pols are all talk make america great again!
remember that i predicted a long time ago that president obama will attack iran because of his inability to negotiate properlynot skilled!
thank you to fema our great military and all first responders who are working so hardagainst terrible oddsin puerto rico see you tuesday!
i will be on fox and friends at 700 20 minutes plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! too bad
new reuters poll just came out and has me at 32 highest number yetthe silent majority is back and we will make america great again!
low energy candidate has wasted $80 million on his failed presidential campaign millions spent on me he should go home and relax!
if we didnt remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos and replace it with junk that doesnt cont
the event with me and in la on 9/15 is turning out to be huge get your tickets before theyre gone
thank you waukesha wisconsin! full transcript of my speech followthemoney
the benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our vets at the va obama has his priorities
central park’s top locale is open throughout the holidays our skating school is excellent and acclaimed
have time to waste? go to the obamacare website
thanks patti i hope they vote
i will be interviewed on tonight at 7 pm enjoy!
rosie just sucks the life and intelligence out of everywhere she goes theview
hey we agree! bigleaguetruth draintheswamp
make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote if you have any problems notify the poll workers
ted cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important financial disclosure form very low interest loans scam!
your wisdom surpasses all representing this country! i pray you run! thanks we can all use the prayers
keep up the great work i am with you 100!isis is losing its griparmy colonel ryan dilloncjtf–oir
in no spin zone re obamacare causing unemployment negotiating with china and my $5m court win
surprisein a postelection delayed release food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an alltime high
great episode of celebrity apprentice! goodstuff yourfired
i want people to come into the country let it be legal via
if ran for president that would make me so happy
a terrible deal with iran!
what is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives charlottesville
the first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! so true
icymi governor and i were in valley forge pennsylvania today you can watch it here …
sadly thats right
thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today its all about the truth!
i love the trump building in chicago
carson is not a nice guy he knows his superpac throws mud on trump 24/7 actingmeek
that feminist who called out trump last night? shes a jeb intern jeb always gets caught sad!
rt gov nikki haley just became a liability for rubio after this was published to social media!
why does keep george will as a talking head? wrong on so many subjects!
i had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of askthedonald see if your question made it
via by eugene dunn “trump the nations great hope”
i cant believe they havent fired rosie yet they will soon!
donaldtrumpname one candidate who can make deals with china ! if we dont bring jobs back! were dead
via by “trump `the last thing we need is another bush”
with fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at msg wwehof
the election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing crooked hillary but also at many polling places sad
and in my trump tower office yesterday two great guys!
why is it that the horrendous protesters who scream curse punch shut down roads/doors during my rallies are never blamed by media? sad!
i wont wear anything else! you have to look successful to be successful! thanks for the awesome line!
merrychristmas
congratulations to on their championship welldeserved
tax hikes will crush our economy i will cut taxes big league
i love the sign it is tasteful and classy just like everything you do thank you
donald trump sends to highest friday rating in 18 months that is huge!
you need to be the president
congrats to congress on their 112 gold tier healthcare plans why should they suffer like regular americans?
donald trump is the only man who can save this country and run it efficiently many agree thanks!
thanks ed
in my new book timetogettough i make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth
i will be asking for a major investigation into voter fraud including those registered to vote in two states those who are illegal and
is chicagos sole destination showcasing a fivestar rating for both hotel and restaurant
entrepreneurs dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best dont sell yourself short!
now there is talk of arod being shipped to if arod is not a next year the fans will be happy
you owe it to this country go for it you can fix it i definitely can!
“president trump?” via by wayne e williams
rt nice piece and video today in the wall street journal trump’s three eldest children jump into campaign
rt i look forward to being on with at 7 40 pm et
congratulations to barack obama for having 2012s debt already surpass 2011
have you seen the new trump fall collection exclusively available top selling brand nationwideties shirts fragrancegreat gifts
we need firm decisive leadership please consider a presidential bid mr trump you are very smart!
rt hahahahahahaha smart guy i think he did same to me trump is loved in nigeria via the apprentice
check out my interview from msnbc at
rt on national voterregistrationday make sure youre registered to vote so we can makeamericagreatagain ht…
just announced that iraq us is preparing for battle to reclaim mosul why do they have to announce this? makes mission much harder!
ill say it nobody beats when it comes to honest reporting and serious insight thanks!
feels he’s been abandoned by his team do you think so? celebapprentice
your thoughts are simple straight precise timely and timeless thank you!
yesterday obama compared nelson mandela to george washington in africa do you think he really believes it?
via via donald trump makes plans for menie estate marquee
wishing you happy holidays cant wait for the celebrityapprentice to start in january
economic growth can save social security medicare and america
even if doesnt run for the gop im writing him in on my ballet trump2016
jodi thought she outsmarted the system it didnt work! congratulations to the jury on a job well done! now will it be life or death?
run donaldrun!
yada yadaits a bore fest best part of this is trumps tweets! demdebate thanks
“tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365page book write a good one” —
being an entrepreneur is not a group effort you have to trust yourself and your instincts
hi ericaand thanks
but really tho if was president omg i want that so bad
weirdwhy did barackobama sr fail to list as his son in his 1961 ins application?
china has just overtaken us as the world’s largest economy we are busy wasting $s while china builds airports and skyscrapers
great i dont always agree with you but i always respect you thank you
the fake mainstream media has from the time i announced i was running for president run the most highly sophisticated and dishonest disinformation campaign in the history of politics no matter how well we do they find fault but the forgotten men and women won i’m president!
i have stated my concerns with amazon long before the election unlike others they pay little or no taxes to state and local governments use our postal system as their delivery boy causing tremendous loss to the us and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
wow i am ahead of the field with evangelicals am so proud of this and virtually every other group and ben carson just took a swipe at me
have you been to the in the trump tower atrium? best meatloaf in the citymy mothers famous recipe 2128363249
ignore the losers and the haters you are going to make this country great again
congratulations to the state is really making progress and fast!
if the press would cover me accurately and honorably i would have far less reason to tweet sadly i dont know if that will ever happen!
republicans in congress can learn a lot from on dealing with obama! they should read crippledamerica!
if you accept the expectations of others especially negative ones then you will never change the outcome michael jordan
where we going??? if our leaders dont get nuclear weapons under control the sharks wont have us to eat!
once again has competed at a very high level on celebrity all star he is a great competitor
congratulations to on his new late night show! he will do really well it pays to win celebrityapprentice
just wrote a book which everyone is talking about he was a great help he is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in nh and beyond he calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times the book is called “what really happened” enjoy! maga
isn’t it sad that weiner’s first press conference with wife huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made postresignation and apology!
i will be on meet the press with chuck todd on nbc this morning enjoy!
always hear the truth from donald gives honest opinionalways listen
a letter written to one of my many critics!
thanks jamie tune in march 3rd for the new seasonyoull love it
twitlonger betarestoring american wealth will require that we get tough the next president must understand that americas cont
great bilateral meeting with prime minister theresa may of the united kingdom affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities wef18
our president is a great embarrassment to the us how could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap?
we are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love
can you believe crooked hillary said we are going to put a whole lot of coal minersampcoal companies out of business she then apologized
trump is polling well because he speaks his mind not like some of the career politicians hes running against cowards
i just bought a trump mattress and it is presidential made by serta they are really great
via by “trump looking very seriously at 2016 run”
doesn’t dummy realize that when i considered running for president i filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers
when will people and the media start to apologize to me for my statement mexico is sending which turned out to be true? el chapo
i look forward to your segment every week clear concise and common sense! thanks
i am loving on the show she is my favorite apprenticenbc
it is thanks
trump tower mumbai golden opportunity
nfl attendance and ratings are way down boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country league should back us
why do you need a photo id to buy a drain cleaner not to vote?
thank you for sharing amy
“be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances” – think big
via trump americans desperate for leadership
tune in tonight at 10 pm on nbc for another exciting episode of the apprentice and see the dog whisperer make an appearance
my condolences to those involved in todays horrible accident in nj and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders
i said gas prices would sky rocket after election opec payback!
comey drafted the crooked hillary exoneration long before he talked to her lied in congress to senator g then based his decisions on her poll numbers disgruntled he mccabe and the others committed many crimes!
absolutely! plz run! bring respect back to the presidency with integrity and good moral standing!!
but they are the folks i like the best by far!
i want him to do a great job but he cant
heading to biloxi mississippi massive crowds expected thank you for your support! votetrump2016
“if you’re going to be thinking you may as well think big” donald trump
why arent you president yet? a very good question!
people don’t know that eliot’s father is very rich eliot likes to pretend he’s poor to appeal to voters
why doesnt phony tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotelsdidnt like paying
if obamacare is hurting people and it is why shouldnt it hurt the insurance companies and why should congress not be paying what public pays?
many think that the championship course at turnberry home of the duel in the sun will be the worlds best after the renovation
on june 1st near washington dc i will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the us all holes front on the potomac river
and did a 1 hour hit job on me today – totally biased and mostly false dishonest media!
youre one of my idols from age 15 i read your books at 18 i started my company thanks great!
couldnt have said it better nothing fake about you sir
im staying at the trump hotel in vegas this week let me just say it is amazing! i love it! thanks!
join me live in hershey pennsylvania! makeamericagreatagain live
wow i was just informed that im being inducted into the hall of fame a great honor 4/6/13 at
colin powell thought iraq has weapons of mass destruction
your exactly correct dont let me down by not running for president!
the final two and visited yesterday
weve had 16 years of bad presidentswar terrorism bad economy etc
called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with hersadly i wont be able to do it
the united nations security council just voted 150 in favor of additional sanctions on north korea the world wants peace not death!
“palin’s brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in trump tower” said ralph reed the chairman of the faith and freedom coalition
run for president in 2016
enjoyed tonight! awesome as always mr
bringbackourmarine lets do this america boycott mexico
it is fine that despite your achievements you have not lost sense of humour!thanks
mr trump your children convinced me you r a class act standing with the folks in albany was icing on the cake thank you! thx
“ both headed to trump courses” via
if youre born poor its not your mistake but if you die poor its really your mistake donald trump
i think the was far too nice to sleazebag he’s got plenty more to worry about!
the media is so dishonest if i make a statement they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolishthey think the public is stupid!
wants a safe america w/ stronger borders no amnesty and an end to sanctuary cities he is…
i dont care what says is my person of the year
obamacare is a disaster rates going through the sky ready to explode i will fix it hillary cant! obamacarefailed
it is actually hard to believe how naive or dumb the failing is when it comes to foreign policyweak and ineffective!
remember but for conservatives bush would have given us not only roberts but also harriet miers face it bush was terrible!
thanks vincent!
obama administration said that saudi arabia was on syria’s border wrong these are the civilians planning the war
they should have allowed applause during the tribute to the departed really bad production bette midler sucked! oscars
is trying hard but apparently donaldtrump is not looking to engage no idea who she is sounds dumb!
i voted for donaldtrump! arizona ☉ economy immigration jobs veterans bordercontrol trade…
the mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president has asked for iran to return the drone timetogettough
you really think we will have another elected president before obama starts ww3
rush limbaugh is great tells it as he sees itreally honorable guy! thanks rush! trump2016
our great african american president hasnt exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying baltimore!
wish you could lead this country we need you mr trump
great interview on this am! the donald for commissioner!!
praying for everyone in florida hoping the hurricane dissipates but in any event please be careful
cant wait until 2016 when dt is potus so that i can stop listening to problems with our economy in the state of the union
i was just told by one of the top players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country very nice complimenti agree
our ineffective potus has to make a speech in elkhart to make everything look great mr trump makeamericagreatagain
trump thedonald 3m followers ck the other candidatesdo the math trump echoes americans
without we will be stuck with hilary clinton trump2016 i agree
so many people have told me that i should host meet the press and replace the moron who is on now just too busy especially next 10 years!
after tearing w bush down for 12 years now the media loves him why not? he gave them obama
do you think that hillary clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about the video of me being used by isis there is no video
i never asked comey to stop investigating flynn just more fake news covering another comey lie!
success requires 100 effort and 100 focus nothing less
thanks darlene
the lobbyists and special interests have just put out an ad for jeb which hits me just a little but is very false!
lol justice for travis it shows that the legal system is still intactgood news !
“60 minutes” treats president obama with kid gloves mike wallace is spinning in his grave!
and millions will agree with you! most of us on twitter now view oan network
even after making billions what keeps you motivated? if you have passion for your work you will be motivated
al sharpton said they are even making it more harder to register people to vote which is worse his grammar or his thoughts?
really sad news the great arnold palmer the king has died there was noone like him a true champion! he will be truly missed
rt trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent syrians with banned chemical weapons syria
my interview discussing whcd my scotland property and using bin ladens death
democrats and liberals in congress want to disarm lawabiding americans at the same time they are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and savage gang members onto our streets politicians who put criminal aliens before american citizens should be voted out of office!
new book in trump we trust comes out tomorrow people are saying its terrific knowing ann i am sure it is!
obama is giving social security and obamacare to illegals yet wants to cut military benefits disgrace!
as i’ve said before has all of the qualifications necessary to be real america’s choice for president of the usa!!!
we should not allow to move jobs to china after they said they wouldntstay tuned!
it feels good working overtime and knowing your next check is gonna make you feel like donald trump for a day 😂 cute!
entrepreneurs keep an open mind! business is a creative endeavor there are always opportunities and possibilities
one of the best moves i made early in my career was buying the air rights from tiffanys flagship trump tower gleams over fifth avenue
i dont want a party as my president i want a decisiveconfident leader will fire china give us a spark
trump would be 1 however he has his plate full so unfortunately i do not think so just watch!
hamas has warned pres obama not to visit the temple mount during his trip to israel
thanks cynthia
via by “maryland gop book trump for major fundraiser”
this texan will be voting trump march 1st cruz is a fake texan!
great couple! thank you!
great interview on cnnbeing from ct i am thrilled you are part of this teamgo trump!
such long rhetorical and boring answers from obama no wonder nothing gets done
trumpadvice
ben bradlee was truly one of the greats what an amazing life he led my warmest condolences to dino and the whole family benbradlee
great good luck james
obama has destroyed the middle class in ’09 median household income was $55198 now it is $50678 four more years?
mr tough guy romney should be backing trump like trump backed him last time noloyalty
a former miss new york is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in sunday’s miss usa pageant—beautiful!
brilliant answer! i think its the best tweet i have ever read
see what i have to say about the occupy wall street protestors in todays trumpvlog
tomorrow on the facebook page submit your final question for the contestants
“the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself” – general douglas macarthur
oh no another rapper doing a trump song young jeezy trump lyrics why arent these guys paying me?
a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again!
happy birthday deborah
during your inaugural address tell obama youre fired! stranger things have happened!
police records signed confessions and more?
the world is most peaceful and most prosperous when america is strongest
via by the donald wins trump name coming off casino
but i like picking on losers!
i look forward to tuesday nights presidential debatei wonder if obama will use my name again
is so embarrassed by their total 100 support of hillary clinton and yet her loss in a landslide that they dont know what to do
doesnt believe in the supreme court or its poweri thought he was a constitutional lawyer why cont
china’s top academics are working w/ pla in cyberespionage of our state secrets and rampd they are laughing at us!
good evening mr president!
its sad that knows more about politics than our politicians
brent musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking he is much more popular now than before
come down hardtax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast
on behalf of melania and myself thank you for todays update and great work! southernbaptist and
interesting!
with the exception of cheating bernie out of the nom the dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the republicans!
wesigned our deal to take over the historic old post office on pennsylvania ave from the us and convert it into super luxury hoteljobs!
theyre too lame to get it sir when you win the election theyll get it
great piece on extra tonight re celebrity apprentice!
thank you andy and best wishes to you
wow new preference poll has donaldtrump 11 points up! thank you
despite the phony witch hunt going on in america the economic and jobs numbers are great regulations way down jobs and enthusiasm way up!
via by bill smith “gop rally in manchester fires up party faithful”
we must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration rampant problems will only get worse take back our country!
senator doctor bill cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their healthcare he doesnt liejust wants to help people!
the and 5 star restaurant is nycs top destination
my great honor!
really? david axelrod comparing sharpton to unfreakinbelievable!! no comparison!!!
building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now support donald trump he can make this happen
were going to use american steel were going to use american labor we are going to come first in all deals ➡️…
thank you jonathan greatly appreciated!
when the military informed obama that they had bin laden is there anyone with a brain that would not have said ok go get him?
in nyc looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person law enforcement is following this closely not in the usa!
i have nothing to do with the apprentice except for fact that i conceived it with mark b and have a big stake in it will devote zero time!
thank you for the nice words this morning well delivered and totally logical!
it will be if kenya goes home she is a ridiculous untalented egotist
hes a legend does so much good for scottish golf thanks
thanks to you and the wonderful simon carswell for the great story on trump international golf links ireland it will be great
drew peterson a real sleaze just convicted of killing wife change the law so he gets death penalty
via “ to open restaurant in trump int’l washington dc”
now obama has set red line 2 with demand that assad hands over syria’s chemical weapons or it will face an attack
“the difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits” albert einstein
for president 2016! please! our nation needs to be saved! i agree!
mr trump its going to be a very interesting and amusing season i am already hooked!
i have been asking director comey and others from the beginning of my administration to find the leakers in the intelligence community
has accomplished more in his career than any other candidate has promised in theirs nhpolitics
yankees should have dropped arod long ago not even bothered with arbitration they would have saved a fortune!
i am the only one who can beat hillary clinton i am not a mitt romney who doesnt know how to win hillary wants no part of trump
be in turnberry on thurs am for start of womens british open one of worlds great golf tournaments back soon to makeamericagreatagain!
qb is a very special player he is exciting to watch and smart on the field amazing talent
great fight floyd you showed them all once again!
my robocall on behalf of playing across the state of michigan
when you do your christmas shopping remember how disloyal was to the subject of illegal immigration boycottmacys dum pm acys
a great crowd at trump tower for timetogettough book signing!
i agreeand thanks
amazing interview mrtrumplove the fact you didnt sugarcoat the facts thank you sir
many people have commented that my fragrance “success” is the best scent and lasts the longest try it and let me know what you think!
my interview with discussing the new season of allstar
should be president he could get things done that is so true!
the letterman show really turned things around people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity
thank you dennis
i will be interviewed on this morning at 7 30 so much to talk about!
thank you for being the voice of reason!
so true ivanka!
good response on jobs by
third party is tough
if democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes we would be able to get many of their ideas into bill!
the gang of six yet another unmitigated disaster any deal needs to repeal obamacare tea
congratulations to john rich and to marlee matlin for a terrific job throughout the season you are both great!
lt the thinking mans chris christie tells it truly run win
if jeb bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with marco in the debate bad facts for marco if properly delivered!
reports are there was indeed at least one fbi representative implanted for political purposes into my campaign for president it took place very early on and long before the phony russia hoax became a “hot” fake news story if true all time biggest political scandal!
great interview on makeamericagreatagain trump2016 trump
happy easter!
we are way over the fiscal cliff and with obama care being fully implemented in less than 14 months it may be too late
our next president must stop chinas ripoff of america
usembassyjerusalem
great playing today in the scottish open i see our practice facility is helping—use it a lot!
why has all time hits leader pete rose paid a 20 year price whrn arod gets 200 game penalty its time to let pete into the hall of fame!
in retrospect i agree with you
sally yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today she said nothing but old news !
just remember the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008 she was all in!
the dopes at the bought the boston globe for $13 billion and sold it for $100 their great old headquartersgave it away! so dumb
by selffunding my campaign i am not controlled by my donors special interests or lobbyists i am only working for the people of the us!
thanks it was a great show
senator mitch mcconnell said i had excessive expectations but i dont think so after 7 years of hearing repeal and replace why not done?
the tonight show begins in 5 minutes enjoy!
donald trump is so far ahead in two key state polls thanks clayton
great job on nobody could have done it better!
sun news paper/scotland reports that tourism jump is thanks to trump 8000 visitors in one month from 20 countries
rt americafirst the middle class and businesses will benefit from historic tax revolution dobbs maga…
thank you to sue kruczek who lost her wonderful and talented son nick to the opioid scourge for your kind words while on we are fighting this terrible epidemic hard nick will not have died in vain!
your instincts on foreign policy and terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined
next time marco rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottle—would have much less negative impact
sadly there is no way that ted cruz can continue running in the republican primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility dems will sue!
weak and ineffective is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response false advertising!
flashbk – “trump ‘i would build a border fence like you have never seen before’” via by
saudi arabia should fight their own wars which they wont or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth$ trillion!
the same people who did the phony election polls and were so wrong are now doing approval rating polls they are rigged just like before
congratulations to on winning tv personality of the year piers deserves his success!
formerly of the new york times was a poor theatre critic who was forced out sadly he is an even cont
i always enjoy being interivewed on by john gambling my father fred used to listen to his fathers show
endcommoncore trump2016video
trump national golf club jupiter is close to palm beach and designed by jack nicklausa masterpiece of a course
change before you have to jack welch
higher taxes kill job creationcut wild government spending and waste
via by “trump to visit new hampshire”
is terrificcongratulations on hall of fame
i agree with you on this wont be good he will be great!
via by cathy burke “donald trump on 2016 bid on scale of 110 im much more than five”
the miss universe pageant will be broadcast live from moscow russia on november 9th a big deal that will bring our countries together!
mr trump your the man!! please run we need you!! watch
partners with on dubai course set to open in 2017
i really genuinely love a man of reason
i hope you run for president! trump2016
isnt it funny that i am now 1 in the money losing poll and by a big margin dummy must be thrilled!
my best wishes to everyone for a happy thanksgiving!
seriously think would be an awesome president
tbt with my family growing up im on the left
i have been much tougher on russia than obama just look at the facts total fake news !
the al frankenstien picture is really bad speaks a thousand words where do his hands go in pictures 5 and 6 while she sleeps?
fight hard they are horrible!
icymi int on discussing and contestant rivalries on
the ed cox letter to republicans which is being so badly ridiculed by the press should never have been written weaknesssad!
waste with 22 new taxes and $18t in added debt disgraceful obamacare will still leave 30m uninsured
i’m selffunding and i am going to take care of the people – not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates
obama sent weapons through benghazi to isis yet he is holding up shi pm ents to israel what is he thinking?
youre my role model ever since 6th grade work hard clay
we cant get you in the wh fast enough the drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood go get em!
fidel castro is dead!
the republican establishment out of self preservation is concerned w/ my high poll s more concerned are dems—i beat hillary heads up!
great schoolthanks!
great conversations with president and his representatives on trade military and security
i hear that sleepy eyes will be fired like a dog from ratings starved meet the press? i cant imagine what is taking so long!
donald trump is still my favorite mac miller track mac has certainly done well with me! how many hits now on twitter?
donald trump i think obama ‘hates israel’
absolutely hes just simply the best realdonaldtrump
if you were in office this would of never happen trump2016 true!
blue monster! the best course in south florida
americafirst imwithyou
thanks for your kind thoughts i love si
looking forward to being honored at patriot dinner with in charleston sc this sunday
crooked hillary has zero leadership ability as bernie sanders says she has bad judgement constantly playing the womens card it is sad!
im not sure why u r giving them this much importance they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!
that was some episode last weekweve got a great cast!
i totally support you! you have this ga girls vote!!!
nene asks me for advice and i am happy to oblige tonight at 900 on bravo and watch her ratings go through the roof!
good advice for romney during the last election maybe this time he will listen
you cant lose in 2015 or 2016 merry christmas
thanks for buying doral! there is no doubt your vision will create a master piece hope to play it one dayyes!
i will be interviewed by tonight at 9 00 pm on enjoy!
what a show last night! i couldnt believe the outcome! ca has been my fave show for a long time! great!
power lunching next to the bluemonster via cc
thank you bangor maine! get out and votetrumppence16 on 11/8/16 and together we will make america safe and great a…
so excited for sunday and celebrity apprentice!!! you will love it wild!
rt 3 big wins in 2017 you wont hear trump confirmed the most circuit court judges ever in a presidents 1st year all co…
please keep your thoughts and prayers with melissa young miss wisconsin 2005
trumpforpresident we want trumpcare and a president who has proof he is a real american
far more killed than anticipated in radical islamic terror attack yesterday get tough and smart us or we wont have a country anymore!
im getting the commandants leadership award from the usmarines tonight at the waldorf astoria a great honor!
the brand new blue monster at trump national doral has recieved great reviews from the golf critics check it outopens dec 14
happy anniversary teresa
a beautiful article by on my newly opened golf course in nyc trump links ferry point
ive never voted if runs for president im voting for him
told the truth all day about pinehurst 2 it is just not a good looking us open course so true!
if you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time what really matters is how you respond to them think big
people ask me what i do in my free time the answeri dont have any
if everyone is thinking alike then somebody isnt thinking george s patton
must be doing something right if sadly rated “the 4th ugliest celebrity” according to is attacking him
thank you to for the nice reviews of last night
cancelling my subscription you people are idiots will be our next president trump2016 rnc
secret service members on break from obama’s $4m vacation are more than welcomed to relax at hawaii’s top hotel
thanks im rewinding it now always makes my monday to hear trump on thanks
thanks to rejecting the keystone xl pipeline china has become canadas biggest oil consumer china is laughing at us!
both fools and out of touch with reality! we need trump makeamericagreatagain
it was wonderful to have president petro poroshenko of ukraine with us in new york city today unga🎥
via images of donald trump’s 2nd northeast golf course released public have say on images
so true in all previous debates no one watched and they were cancelled
the best book ive read in years trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas a true economic genius
mr trump can our country make it through 3 more years of this idiot in the wh? will not be easy!
the mother of the boston killers not suspects says her boys are totally innocent and were set upi can see the 14 year long defense now!
how many illegal foreign donations will obama collect this final week? another scandal ignored by the liberal media
we are going to demand congress secure the border in the upcoming cr illegal immigration must end!
remember if you dont promote yourself then no one else will! likewise believe in yourselfor no one else will either
hispanics united to make america great again trump
“clapper lied about fraudulent dossier leaks to cnn” fox news he is a lying machine who now works for fake news cnn
“the conference board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in november the consumer confidence index rose from 1262 in october to 1295 notching its best reading since december 2000”
rt personally i think it is awesome that listens to on the radio shes awesome
thanks ellie i will
our infrastructure is crumbling!and we owe 17 trillion dollars!
departing for gopdebate lets makeamericagreatagain!
amazing evening at saturday night live!
rand paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare grahamcassidy bill is great! ends ocare!
trump for prez! you have my vote mr trump!! 🇺🇸 when is the announcement??? lets go! 👍
i will be interviewed on face the nation with this morning enjoy!
rt watch our interview with russia did not succeed in attempts to sway election …
june 16th
if you run for president i will vote for the first time ever i would finally believe in someone
price of corn has jumped over 50 this will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what weve ever seen nasty for the economy
just got back from iowa great people!
“if you cant explain it simply you dont understand it well enough” albert einstein
by continuing to give massive subsidies to scotland’s ugly wind turbines is playing right into hands
via trumps protégé earns us open spot
the republicans must get virgil goode out of the race in virginia he will take votes away from
visited over the weekend very impressive and we will be going back soon!
must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in
“the entrepreneur’s ability to dream to win lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit” – midas touch
i will be developing the two tallest towers in the republic of georgia
make america great again dt! 👍
set the example you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example
hillary clinton should ask why the democrat pols in atlantic city made all the wrong moves convention center airport and destroyed city
via the hill no tickets left for trumps dallas rally
our debt is about to reach $17t iraq has $20t in oil reserves interesting
has created more jobs in the private sector than has as president record cont
by folding penn state leadership made things worse the deal is ridiculous and punishes the wrong people i hope the alumni sue to overturn
looking forward to hosting our heroes from the wounded warrior project soldier ride to the on th…
despite my great respect for king abdullah ii i will not be visiting jordan at this time this is in response to the false report
wtg for president i vote for u
u need 2 run 4 office
46 of americans think the media is inventing stories about trump and his administration it is actually much worse than this!
finally held our first full meeting today with this great team we can restore american prosperity and br…
i never equated wind farms to the pan am lockerbie disaster only stated that should never have released the terrorist bad!
eli manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarteran elite quarterback
a lot of people i know are voting trump in nc none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine
we will bring back our jobs we will bring back our borders we will bring back our wealth and we will bring back our dreams!
crooked hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads all paid for by her bosses on wall street media is protecting her!
working in bedminster nj as long planned construction is being done at the white house this is not a vacation meetings and calls!
thanksthe big question is why!
what i like about trump and why you need to vote for him
via “ gets new clubhouse”
because obama was so pathetic in the first debate tonights audience will be humongouspeople want to see if he is for real
i’ll talk to donald trump about his comments on syrian refugees and much more sunday on
determination made you who you are? a very important element toward anyones success!
the cia report should not be released puts our agents and military overseas in danger a propaganda tool for our enemies
a good question for wouldbe entrepreneurs to ask themselves what am i pretending not to see? there are a lot of opportunities out there
the fastest way we can start saving social security is to get americans back to work timetogettough cont
“do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself” andrew carnegie
poll donald trump sees 17point positive swing in two weeks breitbart great!
does the fake news media remember when crooked hillary clinton as secretary of state was begging russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? obama tried also but he had zero chemistry with putin
it is so pathetic that the dems have still not approved my full cabinet
donald trump ready to end for white house run via via by
mrtrump when are you going to run for president of the united states? we need someone with a backbone and brains
must read article by jeffrey lord “the ruling class liberty medal”
now that obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in libya or iran he is desperate
did you know that one of seven americans is now on food stamps? think of it in the united states the most pr… cont
sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments you
please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you! thanks!
article more illegals enter than people born in state each week
no they have no guts
nasty for the middle class electricity prices surged to an alltime high this past march frack now
is slashing campaign salaries people making millions if he cant manage his campaign how can he manage our countries finances?
congrats to and i really enjoyed being there—the response was so terrific!
rt mathematically it is statistically impossible for kasich to get to 1237 he would need 112 of the remaining delegates to b…
trump intl golf club turnberry scotland a legendary course and rightly so
trump soho the best looking building in the country no other building in the world looks like it thanks!
via “ returns to reality tv with donald trump”
without retribution or consequence is wrong! there will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35 for these companies
very nice thanks rachel
im voting for calls it like it is! trump2016 very nice frank our country does need leadership
and appeals court judges at a record clip! our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
who do you think is going home? celebapprentice
geraldo looks happy they lost bc he wasnt project manager celebapprentice
great news i’m now leading in most polls w/ new cnn poll also having me 1 nbc i am 1 in nh by a lot 2 in iowa close and gaining
imwithyou
join me in tampa florida tomorrow at 1 pm e! tickets
went shopping today for a wedding i have coming up got me everything countontrump great have fun!
for american prosperity now and for our childrens children there is only one choice donald trump for president 201624
by the way where is good question 4 years ago she strongly supported obamanow she is silent anyway who cares i adore oprah
only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go t s eliot
working class democrats independents americans that never voted before to decide this election landslide mandate 4 djt
in the east it could be the coldest new year’s eve on record perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old global warming that our country but not other countries was going to pay trillions of dollars to protect against bundle up!
rubio lied about my meeting w/ hispanic activists i didn’t change my opinion but treated them w/ respect shame!
i would like to nominate for speaker of the house what a great idea she is a total winner! nice
trump intl golf links and hotel ireland fronts the atlantic ocean in county clare for 25 miles extraordinary!
let’s be honest if obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm then he would have been in ohio on monday
looking for fathers day gift? named the spa one of the best places for men to relax
“when you cant make them see the light make them feel the heat” – ronald reagan
emin your performance at miss universe was fantastic you are a star!
trump went way up in my poll when he said hed take money from what us is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security
the jets just dont have it time for a quarterback change!
as dishonest as is i say is worse neither has much money sue them and put them out of business!
tbt my confirmation picture at first presbyterian church in jamaica ny
donald trump for president 2016 a new era of prosperity for all true and it would be easy!
to be in charge you have to take responsibility you have to instill confidence it’s like being a conductorset the tempo
trumpforpresident trump2016
thank you las vegas nevada! trump2016 americafirst
i would rather run against crooked hillary clinton than bernie sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against bernie!
do the typical political thing and blame the fact is obamacare was a lie from the beginningkeep you doctor keep your plan! it is
mr trump when is the announcement of miss universe host city? we love you and your pageant we just want to know soon!
i have long given the order to help argentina with the search and rescue mission of their missing submarine 45 people aboard and not much time left may god be with them and the people of argentina!
i respect your integrity sir rock on
the iranians are sure happy with obama’s nomination of hagel already praising hagel as ‘antiisrael’
our nation’s motto is in god we trust this week our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean we will never forget the historic crowds the voice the energy and the profound faith of billy graham! cpac2018
i will make our government honest again believe me but first im going to have to draintheswamp in dc
wow so nice! thanks i wish i could have met him
vote for trump hes making america to where we wont worry about illegal immigrant problems
scored last night on both substance and style
i believe in spending what you have to but i also believe in not spending more than you shouldthe art of the deal
you have real talent!
miss usa pageant is much better!
andy roddicka great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife
ask yourself what am i pretending not to see? there may be some great opportunities right around you
excited to be speaking at iowa national security action summit tomorrow at 1 30 pm !
negotiation tip be reasonable and flexible being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation
all accidents should require a drug test true!
donald has already done many great thingshe has woke america up and people are screaming donald everywhere
karl rove is a total loser money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain
kevincongratsyou are a winner!
along with two championship courses on the potomac river also offers limitless social events
just to show you how unfair republican primary politics can be i won the state of louisiana and get less delegates than cruzlawsuit coming
conservative!
happy birthday donald! thanks for never being afraid to tell it like it is
via miss universe 2013 contestants stun in gorgeous gowns at national gift auction gala
on behalf of the american people congratulations! we love you!
you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you this country needs you badly thx
thank you for your nice words the us is becoming a dumping ground for the world pols dont get it make america great again!
they usually put the leftovers on friday like shark tank
icymi joint statement with prime minister shinzo abe on north korea
quote some succeed because they are destined to but most succeed because they are determined to
pres obama should leave the baseball game in cuba immediately and get home to washington where a potus under a serious emergency belongs!
im a veteran and one of your biggest fans love what u do for our nation trumpforpresident thanks
it is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather no wonder their ratings are way down! enough already
thanks i do and will!
more questions answered trumpvlog
mr trumpthank you for being most responsible for the decreasing gas costs! trumpforpresident
great being on your showsee you soon!
must read column by senator phil gramm “the multiple distortions of wind subsidies”
president obama and other world leaders dont know how close they were to being seriously injured or worse standing next to psycho in sa
statement on international holocaust remembrance day
i told you in speeches months ago that jeb and marco do not like each other marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to jeb as his mentor!
icymi on monday i had the great honor of welcoming indias prime minister to the wh full remarks …
my int re tiger’s victory at trump s my wh tour offer and cpac
crooked hillary clinton is unfit to serve as president of the us her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong bad judgement!
speaks the truth and is as successful as he is must be doing something right i guess so thanks!
😂😂😂
rt circulation @ record low spy mag also failed under graydon magazine
must read column for all young people obamas war on young voters who elected him
my interview with explaining that i am keeping all my options available for 2012
the biggest story yesterday the one that has the dems in a dither is podesta running from his firm what he know about crooked dems is
keep at it!
happy birthday mark
just won the lawsuit on leadership of consumer financial protection bureau cfpb a big win for the consumer!
i would triple the sanctions on iran if the american pastor is not released my speech
inside look at donald trumps private jet by
lightweight is driving business and jobs out of ny only wants self publicity—a total loser!
don the lettering looks sharp in chicago!
i am happy to hear that presobama is considering giving anna wintour an ambassadorship she is a winner and really smart!
my agenda is such that i cant meet with you but its always nice to be asked and i wish you the best
must read editorial today about lightweight new york state attorney general eric schneiderman is he a crook?
is in my psychology book from the 90s and still looks the same nothuman thanks
george also appeared on saturday night live when i was guest host in 2004 a great time! celebapprentice
the polls and momentum are trending towards dont let the hurricane change your thinking!
that hair is a hot mess and shows he gas no class or style! yea youre a real beauty!
realize that persistence can go a long way being stubborn is often an attribute
bowed to the saudi king in publicyet the dems are questioning diplomatic skills
my bday just been so perfect so far 💗 only way it will be better if my inspiration wishes me happy bday 👌
mccain hasnt done anything for the vets fact! he only talks about himself! 😣
dont lie you will watch with great gusto!
twitlonger betachina and saudi arabia recently struck a deal which is the largest expansion by any oil company in the world cont
greatly dishonest of to file a financial disclosure form and not list his lending banks then pretend he is going to clean up wall st
rt trading in the beautiful snow of iowa for the red dirt of oklahoma as planned despite what the media is trys no htt…
would you rather have a 3rd obama term or make out with rosie?? ill take the third term!
it’s extremely cold in ny and nj—not good for flood victims where is global warming?
you have lib media scramblingi just freakn love that! thank you for your leadership and patriotism!
we should leave afghanistan immediately no more wasted lives if we have to go back in we go in hard and quick rebuild the us first
when candidate john kasich on the talked about dismantling medicare and medicaid he was referring to ben carson
nyc has the worst mayor in the united states i hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets the homeless and crime! disgrace
selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness unselfishness begets happiness bc forbes
via “florida’s trump invitational to kick off showjumping year” maralagos 3rd ann trump grand prix!
when will people magazine finally realize that the sexiest man alive is donald trump! you are sexy and adorable! gotmyvote t
wtg great job u r the best pick out of all of the candidates and ohio knows this 2that is why u r leading there too
nypd officer larry deprimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness nyc loves the nypd
i am on now! tune in!
love the fact that everyone who tweets mean things to are poor idiots with no sense playnice true
the all star looks awesome from the clip i just watched on thanks
should remove his eyeliner as pointed out by cuomo when he does his commercials!
another good poll result in the great state of sc trump at 30 carson at 15 and bush at 9
“do whatever it takes to improve your publicspeaking skills you’ll absolutely need them” – midas touch
the cast and producers of hamilton which i hear is highly overrated should immediately apologize to mike pence for their terrible behavior
new gravis national poll just out 36! very nice! makeamericagreatagain
president obama has just reached an alltime low approval rating! is anybody surprised? the happiest person is former president jimmy carter
please tell me youre going to run for the big onepresident! usa needs you! alltheway votetrump
pres bill clinton 53112 had a sterling business career
he would be crazy to play in la really bad coach who cant adjust to his players!
the water damage to nyc is amazing the winds were bad but the water was worse
kayleigh mcenany was great on you network today you should have her on more often! thank you kayleigh for your nice words
“always strive to outdo yourself” – think big
u afraid of getting poor always have been!
the apprentice 10 years 182 shows many at number one for week or night amazing!
even more crony capitalism and corruption we are guaranteeing a $105m loan to another obama donor
its easy to see why americans are sick of career politicians and both parties
the new ebola czar will report to the wh and nsa adviser susan rice more mismanagement and duplicity with cdc obama is terrible executive
not so much fairness as it is about ratings megan kellys hate nightly of trump is turnoff for fox
presidentelect donald j trump today announced his intent to nominate steven mnuchin wilbur ross and todd ricketts…
is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television the benefactor now he is one of many on a modest ratings show s t
rt there will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a trump family member…
youre the only one
3 look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
anyone would be lying if they said they weren’t tuning in to watch foxdebate
people just want to mess with you because youre you its your building f them
donald trump by mac miller will never get old 💥🔥👌🎧
great and thanks paul
youre the man! you should run for president! thanks!
our southern border is unsecure i am the only one that can fix it nobody else has the guts to even talk about it
trumpvlog theinterviewmovie a sad day for freedom of speech
editor of explained on radio this morning that i am so widely covered because i draw high interest true!
claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high wheres the recovery?
rev graham made a critical point has turned a blind eye to the christians being persecuted in cont
legal latino immigrants talk to me in factories and warehouses want to know why obama to give amnesty? they did it right!
thank you joey
since congress cant get its act together on healthcare i will be using the power of the pen to give great healthcare to many people fast
beautiful!! trump national golf course
a solid interview and a fair one great job mr trump keep up the good work trumptrain
i see it every day from the whitestone cant wait to play a round with my cgxs and airmaxs
i cant wait for this year i never miss apprentice! show and cast will be amazing!
why arent you one of the sharks on sharktank? you would be awesome on there!!👍 but the apprentice is much better!
bigger means bigger dummy you really are stupid arent you!
obamacare is on life support it will soon be dead on arrival a bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
thank you to our us navy for protecting our country both in times of peace and war together we will make america…
germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country new years eve was a disaster think!
thank you danyellaif you would like to work there call jackie in my office ny
calls out those negotiating with iran on a new nuclear deal
emails prove wh knew obamacare website wouldnt work in october why didnt they delay the launch?
tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the apprentice one of the biggest hits in television history how time flies!
have faith he will win and save america
i dont even live in the states but i would still vote for you trump4president
so nice when media properly polices media thank you
…you can enhance location through promotion and work
just watched hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror she’s been in office fighting terror for 20 years and look where we are!
teen kids news covering the red carpet at the cant wait until january!
thank you grand rapids michigan! icymi watch
such handsome men! great pic! thank you
i appreciate the consistent focus on quality across trump brands
when the american people speak all of us should listen just over one year ago you spoke loud and clear on november 8 2016 you voted to make america great again!
general john kelly is doing a great job as chief of staff i could not be happier or more impressed and this administration continues to
if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now try taking in millions of new citizens all at once
great call me well get you on!
reminds me now of but no one cares jeb! you lost your chance trump2016
negotiation is persuasion more than power be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where you’re coming from
rt everybody should contribute and fight in the long haul battle against autism great!
my int on the border crisis bringbackourmarine and obama’s ineptitude and the economy
big day for israel congratulations!
trump national in washington dc looks great love what youve done with it thank you!
experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first the lesson afterwards vernon sanders law
be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9 pm on nbc its an episode youll want to seeand one you wont forget!
a great sports fan and business man! dt and his son w/george and billy during spring training good memories!
thanks brianna!
pls run u would be great!
much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation theartofthedeal
congrats on having 4 of top 5 golf courses in south florida thank you
mr trump its commendable that you have over 25 million follows thank you
winners i am convinced imagine their dreams first they want it with all their heart and expect it to come true joe montana
why would texans vote for liar ted cruz when he was born in canada lived there for 4 yearsand remained a canadian citizen until recently
capitalism doesnt guarantee success only a chance to succeed the community organizer doesnt cont
dangerousthe usc obamacare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity
have a happy one!
with so many scandals plaguing obama it seems that they all hit him at the right time could help him get away w/ all of them
the illconceived windfarm that is pushing for aberdeen will lose $50 million a year only a fool would build it or want it!
the people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the dallas and arizona papers and now usa today will lose readers! the people get it!
“$3 billion payoff 101 utilities cut rates credit gop tax cuts”
real unemployment is 20 we must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas
i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx $50 million loan i have totally terminated the loan!
trumpvlog windfarms in todays video blog
enough is enough no more bushes!
trump national hudson valleys 7693 yd par 72 course features one of the countrys great golf courses
cruz says i supported tarp which gave $25 million to goldman sachs the bank which loaned him the money he didnt disclose puppet!
americas got talent uses you the show will fail like all your others!
goofy elizabeth warren has been one of the least effective senators in the entire us senate she has done nothing!
the only reason im watching network tv tonight😉 is
today i was honored to be joined by republicans and democrats from both the house and senate as well as members of my cabinet to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore america’s depleted infrastructure
go to show will be talking about opo and plenty else enjoy!
the washington times presidential debate poll trump 77 18290clinton 17 4100 draintheswamp debate
see you tonight in north carolina making keynote for the republican party will be fun
every sport evolves every sport gets bigger and more athletic and you have to keep up tiger woods
will be showing much of our successful trip to asia and the friendships and benefits that will endure for years to come!
via by “donald trump will deliver keynote address to the sc tea party convention”
scarywhile has been potus for 16 of americas history he has amassed 333 of the total debt
new ppp poll just released in iowa up 6 points from last poll leading w/ 28! dont worry media wont report it!
the democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for noncitizens not good!
if buys the and keeps them in buffalo hell become a legend
crazy supposedly had lyin ted cruz on her show last night ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse ted cant win!
the one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyers market this is the time to buy!
must read editorial cowritten by editor william kristol and editor ‘kill the bill’
thank you wisconsin! tuesday was a great success for workforceweek at w/ and remarks…
being the donald fan for many years yes the sign looks fantastic!
great thanks
“yesterdays home runs dont win todays games” – babe ruth
meet your 1 fan from waverly ia shay doylehe looks up to you and hopes to be the next trump
weve all wondered how hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme wikileaks may have found the answer obama!
wow! thank you massachusetts! see you soon votetrum pm a
i have no doubt that mitt will do really well tonight well all be watching
look at the way crooked hillary is handling the email case and the total mess she is in she is unfit to be president bad judgement!
always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other abraham lincoln
after playing the new course in aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to turnberry for a birthday present on monday great!
all faith in the world that is the answer for america come 2016 is a new beginning! donaldtrump2016
chinas olympic training program is abusive it is modern day slavery and shameful their cont
no deberias mezclar tu imagen con este tipo de cosas miss argentina
congrats to for firing martin bashir—don’t feel badly he didn’t get ratings anyway
just tried watching modern family written by a moron really boring writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child sorry danny!
my daughter ivanka will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in manchester nh makeamericagreatagain!
so happy for her too she played super! she is a great player and a great person!
standing ovation after promising to bring the american dream back and better than ever before!
the difference is successful people like the trumps need no excuses thanks!
mitt romney must start congratulating the navy seals and military on bin laden’s killing not the president
i commend roger ailes for publicly supporting employees against the obama administrations intimidation of its reporters
find out what success smells like ill be herald square april 18 5 30 pm to sign my new fragrance first cont
congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the city you will be great!
anyway i’m all about jobs and the economy and making america great again we’re falling fast!
~ $10bb? forbes has you at $3bb what gives? they know nothing about me or my numbers
“pennies dont fall from heaven they have to be earned here on earth – pm margaret thatcher october 13 1925 – april 8 2013
how does ben carson survive this problem – really big similar story on front page of new york times
thank you lexington south carolina! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
the jury was not told the killer of kate was a 7 time felon the schumer/pelosi democrats are so weak on crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 elections
thanks for your support!
i canceled mine smart move thanks
mr trump do you support the death penalty? yes!
with 35 million americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of tax cuts 2018 is off to great start!✅unemployment rate at 41✅average earnings up 29 in the last year✅200000 new american jobs✅ maga🇺🇸
thank you for showing the was wrong so dishonest!
the highly respected suffolk university poll just announced that i am alone in 2nd place in new hampshire with jeb bust bush in first
“john brennan no single figure in american history has done more to discredit the intelligence community than this liar not only is he a liar he’s a liar about being a liar” dan bongino on
for my birthday today id like to see make it official that hes running for president! dt2016 trump2016
the us needs to protect our intelligence assets especially in china if the chinese want to spy on us then we need to return the favor
waiting for the day we can call you mr president!
she will run!
obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate lets see how he reacts under pressure
flashbackfriday trump family final week of show is terrific!
20000📈21000📈22000📈 23000📈this yearfour one thousand milestones this year dow23k maga
competing show!
i dont know how much longer i can take this bullshit so terrible! oscars
who do you want negotiating for us?
is bad at math the good news is nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore especially me!
will be interviewed on with tomorrow at 10 30am est enjoy!
stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him probably true but its fun to expose the overrated!
carsongreat sg or hhs but not presidential material to whip this country into shape id vote for
they only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary which bombed
i will be leaving for florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth but people whose lives have been totally shattered am also working with congress on many fronts
the left is petrified of you! why else would they be attacking you so vigorously?
everything touched turns to gold takenotes
i really want to speak at liberty university convocation again great school
leaving for mobile alabama right now cant be late!
some of my favorite entrepreneurs and
purchase your copy of crippled america now and be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite
just watched bill belichick’s news conference he did a great job—smart concise truthful!
obamacare is an attack on our countrys identity the latest victim is the catholic church it must be full repealed
also all the things rubioampcruz were using for hits just petty trump clearly the only one w/all the skills
i dont watch or do anymore small audience low ratings! i hear mika has gone wild with hate joe is joe they lost their way!
“there can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty” – the iron lady margaret thatcher
talent is cheaper than table salt what separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work stephen king
please run for president and show these so called republicans how to get the job done
youd win the south presidenttrump
i wonder how officials feel now after treating coach mike leach with so little respect after their loss to 8227?
all are very scripted and rehearsed two at least should not be on the stage
mr president tell iran to immediately free the christian pastor as a sign of good faith and if they refuse break off talksbig sanctions
in order to preserve my options and guarantee that is defeated i changed my voter registration to independent
was with great people last night in fort myer virginia the future of our country is strong!
i enjoyed meeting with to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation many us jobs are at stake
sir the autism community thanks you for your support!! autismspeaks
monitoring the terrible situation in florida just spoke to governor scott thoughts and prayers for all stay safe!
you may want to watch david letterman tonight i am on!
excited that kremer has endorsed the news max debate the tea party express is a great group
socialists think profits are a vice i consider losses the real vice winston churchill
i was in my twenties
congratulations to on her successful first day as cohost of great to be in studio today for elisabeth
here we go again with another clinton scandal and emails yet can you believe crooked hillary knew the fix was in b never had a chance!
virginias highest rated wine by is inspired by the regions of bordeaux and champagne
great interview
donald trump abcs blackish title is racist
the yankees are sure lucky george steinbrenner is not around a lot of people would be losing their jobs
jebs got no iq same as his brother
and many other countries!
love this man!!! thanks
great wife!
set high standards and meet them the proof is in the doing learn by doing and taking risks
they do nothing for us with north korea just talk we will no longer allow this to continue china could easily solve this problem!
why do the losers and haters always say i wear a “wig” when they know i don’t like it or not it’s all mine—just ask barbara walters
we just received a doodleforhunger by for our 2014 celebrity art auction good cause
these big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of daca they want in on the act!
today is veteransday let us be thankful for our nation’s finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms
im thinking of changing my name to trump just to thank for making my business thousands! smart!
is prolife profamily bigleaguetruth debates2016
i greatly appreciate your kind words last night on have great love for the evangelicals great respect for you
many of the syrian rebels are radical jihadi islamists who are murdering christians why would we ever fight with them?
bush was ur boy wrong!
our billion dollar website
watching the madness in cyprus? if our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits that could happen here
thank you donald! this country needs you! please run in 2016! busines is what america is failing at!
get ready for tonight!
only trump can bring us back from 20 trillion in debt hes the only one with the experience and skill set to do so
congratulations to on his successful cold case posse investigation which claims birth certificate is fake
wow really nice and unexpected from ed schultz thank you ed!
watch admit obamacare is a tax the gop must continue to disrupt dismantle and repeal!
with circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly rumor has it that dopey graydon carter is going to resign? he should
they just arrested pol shelly silver in new york why aren’t they arresting a far bigger crook
trump tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful enjoy!
is it better to rent a house or buy a house these days? much respect buy in great location low interest
breaking ground shortly trump int’l washington dc will bring the dc post office far beyond its original grandeur
my prayers and best wishes are with the family of edwin jackson a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken
trumpvlog china is laughing
and the fake news winners are
why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria why cant we just be quiet and if we attack at all catch them by surprise?
via “stop complaining about donald trump”
then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?
rt incredible video does a special on the gop tax plan the result?every middle class family they sat down with sa…
where is the evidence ? all over the place!
i am deeply disturbed by what i have read in the case of i support a full investigation and justice
you did great on letterman thanks kenneth!
thank you to ford for scrapping a new plant in mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the us this is just the beginning much more to follow
the muslim brotherhood allies in egypt will cancel the camp david agreement what a disaster!
did you forget about bill ayers and so many others? you should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday
chinese spies stole our f35 joint strike fighter design we should offset the cost from our chinese debt
now every time islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse what was the excuse before the movie?
with in washington dc old post office under construction tune in tonight at 7 pm est!
toxic trick is my new favorite celebrityapprentice clearly was right about
recently stayed in your hotel in vegasits beautiful my wife and i loved our stay!! great thanks
dont forget to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 pm you will love it!
mister trump please run for president this country needs you badly and i would vote for you in a heart beat
is the only candidate for president that can beat hillary and turn this country around i agree!
follow jewelry line on site
rt israeli pm netanyahu praises us policy changes during meeting with defense sec mattis
snowden if you’re such a hero then come back home and face justice in reality you are just another wiseguy traitor
republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves many senior senators are doing obama’s bidding can’t win this way
obama attacks the cia for waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the islamist crosshairs
after today crooked hillary can officially be called lyin crooked hillary
trump for president!
remember if you do not promote yourself no one else will when you have success let people know about it
the wall will be paid for directly or indirectly or through longer term reimbursement by mexico which has a ridiculous $71 billion dollar trade surplus with the us the $20 billion dollar wall is “peanuts” compared to what mexico makes from the us nafta is a bad joke!
thanks k
nice job mrtrump! smooth relaxed and in good humour thanks!
trump you inspire me to be successful everyday greatgood luck!
thank you for speaking out against common core and how horrible it is for kids!
hypocrite! long before called the tea party teabaggers he dressed as a revolutionary in a hyde park rally
great playing you are the best!
via “donald trump visits his newlypurchased turnberry golf resort”
really great numbers on jobs and the economy! things are starting to kick in now and we have just begun! dont like steel and aluminum dumping!
president obama spends so much time speaking of the socalled carbon footprint and yet he flies all the way to hawaii on a massive old 747
word is that little morty zuckerman’s loses more than $50 million per yearcan that be possible?
obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a presidentgive me a break
we are fighting hard for merit based immigration no more democrat lottery systems we must get much tougher and smarter
dear thank you so much for your nice words today on will not be forgotten! in iowa now packed house!
so campaign is calling a potential criminal how about obamas tony rezko land deal!
great day in kentucky with wayne lapierre chris cox and the makeamericagreatagain trump2016
senrichard blumenthal who never fought in vietnam when he said for years he had major lienow misrepresents what judge gorsuch told him?
another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines unnecessary wastehorrible!
mickey rourke r u going on the apprentice?
if you run for president youll get my vote along with every one i know thanks so nice!
the best way to build a successful business is by results in the end that is what counts
today i was honored and proud to address the 45th annual you are living witnesses of this year’s march for life theme lovesaveslives
mr trump you have great kidslet them handle ur business step forward and save whats left of the usa
the same idiots who think he was born in the usa! dopes!
hope and changethe number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46 under obama four more years?
i hope the ny tax payer appreciates the millions schneiderman is about to waste on a small case i will litigate to victory
one of the most accurate polls last time around but fake news likes to say we’re in the 30’s they are wrong some people think numbers could be in the 50s together we will make america great again!
will be interesting to see how many times jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found
for those of you who are still interested the democrats have totally forgotten about daca not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
china has done very well under obama now they just released their first aircraft carrier
do you believe barack hussein obama aka barry soetoro looked like a president last night? i dont!
hahahaha mr trump youre epic see you in toronto in may at the canadian international
the us manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under he has stood idle while china steals our jobs
very much enjoyed my tour of the smithsonians national museum of african american history and culturea great job done by amazing people!
one point i made last night and will continue to push is that the cant be pollitically correct we must fight fire with fire
join and light the world blue on 4/2 liub will raise awareness for millions with autism!
i just bought stock in tiffany and company and mcdonalds two ends of the spectrum but i like both companies
tonights episode of the apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show dont miss it! 10 pm on nbc
will you please run for president we need a real leader thanks
thank you for being a great inspiration to us in the younger generation we need more leaders like you!thanks
this is the first time in my life that i have caused controversy by not saying something
does anyone remember the fight had w/ the referee—he was weak and pathetic—a nonathlete trying to live life thru his players
turnberry in scotland is a far superior golf course to pinehurst and it isnt even close! likewise the blue monster at doral
rt we have a president that is putting the security and prosperity of america first thank you president tru…
83 of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41 of nondefense federal workers are furloughed room for cuts
i dont follow politics but i know if you ran for president i would vote for you!!!
yes allstar contestant is a little out there but he uses his ‘uniqueness’ to his advantage
thank you ohio together we will make america great again!
he is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
sooner or later those who win are those who think they can paul tournier
great move!
join me on wednesday may 25th at the anaheim convention center! trump2016 maga tickets
future british open? trumpscotland
doesn’t seem like they have a coherent strategy right now
70 record closes for the dow so far this year! we have never had 70 dow records in a one year period wow!
i made a fortune in atlantic city got out years ago great timing and havnt been back in many years i have nothing to do with ac
much of the bad blood with russia is caused by the fake and corrupt russia investigation headed up by the all democrat loyalists or people that worked for obama mueller is most conflicted of all except rosenstein who signed fisa and comey letter no collusion so they go crazy!
not true!
i want to negotiate my own and much better trade deals for our country must include currency manipulation and more do not let pass!
happy to hear that faith and freedom chapters are at the convention supporting we must be united to win!
is the only forbes 5 star and 5 diamond hotel with a 5 star and fivediamond restaurant in nyc
clinton says trump is dangerous whos the one who killed 4 americans in benghazi?
calling the sign amp“trump name tasteless is ridiculous! its exactly the opposite you always put beauty in your details
gop establishment forgets that donald does not speak nor act like a retail politician
i loved it celebapprentice
true
have the arab league do it and pay for it
wind farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems
25 days to go until fiscal cliff bad name—it is only a fiscal curb! debt ceiling is real fiscal cliffand that will be interesting!
looking forward to seeing you in reno nevada this thursday! nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!! nice
another new poll thank you for your support! join the movement today! imwithyou
makeamericagreatagain trumprallyal
thanks phil!
they should have rebuilt the two buildings of the world trade center exactly as they were except taller and stronger a better statement!
ill be on monday morning at 7 30 am tune in!
nbc report white house taking obamacare website offline again for “repairs
to be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities few ever get rich easily think like a billionaire
trumpamania needs to run wild again in ac! so true after i left it lost all energy and spirit!
mccain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 trillion trainwreck including the va debacle
think big! you are going to be thinking anyway so you might as well think big!
show me a man without an ego and ill show you a loser donald trump
thanks for your nice words you are a real champion i’m pushing!
fantastic job with your interview with today!
“always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other” – abraham lincoln
i think when you go on the those are the best interviews howard and i have fun!
thank you!
as a matter of national security ive signed the omnibus spending bill i say to congress i will never sign another bill like this again to prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again im calling on congress to give me a lineitem veto for all govt spending bills!
has the media picked up the new zogby poll that was just put out? i doubt it!
i dont know if hillary will be able to run she is a walking time bomb!
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an iraq prison today that country is a time bomb waiting to happena total corrupt mess!
chicago police have every right to legally protest against the mayor and an administration that just won’t let them do their job the killings are at a record pace and tough police work which chicago will not allow would bring things back to order fastthe killings must stop!
whats incredible is that obamacare hasnt even kicked in yet and already its doing tremendous damage cont
just leaving knoxville tn what a crowd what amazing people! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
when are you deciding if you will run in 2016? you got my vote!🇺🇸🐘 thanks!
then ask what am i pretending not to see? these two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers
rt new poll shows approval at 50 percent
i wish i was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars
mr trump please run for president in 2016! please!
welcome to president and mrs bush very nice!
chief law enforcement officer and they told me later ‘oh by the way i’m not going to be able to participate in the most important case in the office i would be frustrated tooand that’s how i read that senator sessions why didn’t you tell me before i picked you
watched his speech yesterdaypathetic carteresque weak his delivery is so cautious not to offend absolutely zero true!
why would the uschamber be upset by the fact that i want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that i want penalties for cheaters?
wow so nice and so true thank you! trump2016 time to rethink the choices
nations infrastructure is collapsing make america great again!
dont forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of the apprentice 10 pm on nbc
realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort youre in chargeeverything starts with you
children not spoiled celebrities who did something right? you did! no entitlement mentality trumpforpresident
the united states will not allow other countries to impose massive tariffs and trade barriers on its farmers workers and companies while sending their product into our country tax free we have put up with trade abuse for many decades — and that is long enough
in business you make decisions that are in your best interests time for the us govt to do the same let’s make america great again!
donald trump is the king of quotes you really should listen to him!thanks
there are no short cuts to any place worth going beverly sills
hes back! returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of all star
we should be focusing on beautiful clean air and not on wasteful and very expensive global warming bullshit! china and others are hurting our air
trump for president!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸 thanks
trump 2016 !!!
w/ you on those windmills my man!! waste of $$$ time and other resources
america is proud to stand shouldertoshoulder with poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism potusinpoland
the russia hoax continues now its ads on facebook what about the totally biased and dishonest media coverage in favor of crooked hillary?
thank you to a trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign over the past 6 months video
never got why seth meyers was funny good point!
thank you to time magazine and financial times for naming me person of the year a great honor!
we are going through contentious primaries now but the gop must unite let’s take the senate and stop obama’s dangerous agenda
great bilateral meeting with president of the swiss confederation as we continue to strengthen our great friendship such an honor to be in switzerland! wef18
if trump was president there would be jobs all over and professionals like me would not have to move to another country
via by trump preaches peace through strength in phoenix
dishonest media says mexico wont be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly media is fake!
11am makeamericagreatagain
will never forget the way u shaved vinces head and money fall !! u deserved to be in wwe hof thanks!
thank you for your incredible support wisconsin and governor it is time to draintheswamp and maga!…
my daughter ivanka did great tonight in new hampshire the sold out crowd loved her and she loved them thanks ivanka!
there can never be a sharp economic recovery until is out of the white house
youll never know what impact your tweets have on followers lives thank you so nice!
jeb bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a super bowl ad he is a weak candidate!
live from new york donald trump will soon be hosting snl frazier enjoy the show and best wishes!
glad to hear that will be cohosting the grammy nominations special on 125 taylor is terrific!
could it be v for potus? hillary2016 trump2016
as a turnberry member congrats on yr purchasewill there still be a place and role for members in future? absolutely! see u there
a clip from last nights where i detail my charitable offer to obama and dave describes his terrible grades
welcome to obamas americarecord high poverty and an 8 drop in median household family income four more years?
with earlier today at press conference in
thanks for all of the nice tweets re sgt tahmooressi especially nice that the money will be sent today veteransday
thank you for your powerful words on i am with the evangelicals and tea party big time we will all win together!
thanks for the nice words you are fantastic!
wowan actual good guest😳 keeping it real on his view of the nfl🏈 refreshing
a quote youd like you have undertaken to cheat me i wont sue you for the law is too slow ill ruin you vanderbilt
other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is very united great love in the arena!
when americans are free to thrive innovate and prosper there is no challenge too great no task too large and no goal beyond our reach we are a nation of explorers pioneers innovators and inventors we are nation of people who work hard dream big and who never ever give up
theview lots of fun on with and
in ’08 america voted for hope and change instead we got incompetency now it is time to put a real job creator in office vote 4 mitt!
ed rollins is the only one of those people that understands process and gets it right
the youtube of the 2012 miss usa contestants and me singing call me maybe has over 2m views
the failing has been wrong about me from the very beginning said i would lose the primaries then the general election fake news !
they are laughing on their way to the bank
once again it is time to let all time hits leader pete rose into the baseball hall of fame he has paid a big price!
ginrnnr2 is china economy in a bubble? only if we want it to be!
dave letterman said during my interview that obama was probably born in the usthe word probably is a disaster for obama
canadians kicked out the firm that the us paid all that money to for the failed website how stupid are our leaders? this is a scandal!
wife huma wants to pull a by giving a tellall interview unlike clinton anthony is a sick puppy
i concur~ your children are indeed exemplary~ grace and poise~ well done and happyfathersday sir thanks
the us accidentally air dropped a large shi pm ent of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of isis as enemy laughs! very sad!
editorial board should review my debate statement re china and tpp and apologize china not part but will get their way in later
each and every new event space at looks stunning see the transformation for yourself
great interview on !!! throw your hat in the ring !!!
thank you maryland what a great way to conclude the day! will be back soon trump2016
thank you for your support this morning on even more importantly play well this week! say hi to all
anyone who hates on trump hates on america we are a proud nation lacking a leader choose trump to bring us
after consultation with my generals and military experts please be advised that the united states government will not accept or allow
it is time for the airline pilots flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from west africa do it right now!
just left columbus rally of 14000 people a far bigger crowd than even i expected! unbelievable evening incredible spirit in the arena!
with sen elizabeth dole and caregiver fellows tremendous people caring for our military and veterans!
the fake news media failing is not my enemy it is the enemy of the american people!
“good communicators control space” – roger ailes ‘you are the message’
w/state of the art clubhouse and our signature amenities brings true luxury to the tar heel state
brian if im well past the last exit to relevance how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night?
great army navy game army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the commanderinchief’s trophy! congratulations!
aha rt you have good taste! i love bill gates and warren buffet and donald trump i so love them
newly released book ‘special heart’ brings a message of hope all sales donated to heart charities
donald trump ed koch and the ice skating rink a tale of bureaucracy
thanks will
sse slashes offshore wind investment—wants british government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities
people like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable that i work quickly and that they will be treated fairly
the 13 angry democrats plus people who worked 8 years for obama working on the rigged russia witch hunt will be meddling with the midterm elections especially now that republicans stay tough! are taking the lead in polls there was no collusion except by the democrats!
wheres this saturday morning? twitter not as much fun without the donald! i agree 100 and thanks!
dont give up dont surrender your 3rd party option
the chinese are planning on going to the mooni hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago
entrepreneurs paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself
congrats to a great guy on winning daytona!
raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing washington could do so they will probably do it
at the same time go through a worstcase scenario but keep it short focus on your goal—look at the solution not the problem
maralago is florida’s most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities
“president donald j trump proclaims january 16 2018 as religious freedom day”
our vets are the pride of our nation the va scandal is a disgraceif you can get food stamps so fast our vets should get immediate care
if you run 2016 i will hit my streets running for youobama care doesnt care trumpforpresident
no but thanks
good luck teamusa openingceremony rio2016
congratulations to for coming out of iowa a winner!
how can jeb bush expect to deal with china russia iran if he gets caught doing a “plant” during my speech yesterday in nh?
it has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle we will fight on!
good timing won big for american red cross last night on now the red cross is in oklahoma doing a great job
i will be making a major statement from the upon my return to dc time and date to be set
i saw your interview yesterday and agree 100 disgusted how reporters are misconstruing your words flat out lies by them
the more the media attacks you the more i know you are the right person for the job
great rally in iowa! such wonderful people traveling now with to tulsa massive crowd expected!
my best wishes
why did you support obama in 08? i didnt dummy!
if donald trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote we need to get this country turned around
make sure to follow me on makeamericagreatagain
trump intl hotel and tower chicago has received accolades for design service and our signature restaurant sixteen
california finally deserves a great governor one who understands borders crime and lowering taxes john cox is the man he’ll be the best governor you’ve ever had i fully endorse john cox for governor and look forward to working with him to make california great again!
donald trump partners with tv1 on new reality series entitled omarosas ultimate merger
noooo! you cant stop now!! i need more celebrityapprentice!
what you dream about is what you do if you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything bigthink big
i have accepted $5 million offer paid to me for charity made on the show
thank you america! trump2016
i have just one question pleasewill you be running for president 2016? we really need you!
toyota motor said will build a new plant in baja mexico to build corolla cars for us no way! build plant in us or pay big border tax
tried to give them a shot tonight but they have the whole anti trump cheerleading team
congratulations to chuck hagel on one of the shortest tenures as sec of defense another terrible appointee by obama
bill clinton is right obamacare is crazy doesnt work and doesnt make sense thanks bill for telling the truth
“never think of learning as a burden it may require some discipline but it prepares you for a new beginning”– think like a champion
obama administration legalized bump stocks bad idea as i promised today the department of justice will issue the rule banning bump stocks with a mandated comment period we will ban all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns
trump intl hotel and tower toronto 1 in all of canada
the failing in a story by peter baker should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of tpp and the paris accord and the fast
i am honored to be chosen by gray line for their ny ride of fame campaign today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of trump tower
i want to tweet me so bad! huge fan! trump2016
the brass in trump towers atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork i keep the atrium impeccable key to its success!
trump cantors defeat shows everybody in congress vulnerable if they support amnesty
entrepreneurs pay attention to details if you don’t know everything about what you’re doing youll be in for some big surprises
technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didnt know about 5 years ago
please run for president mr trump! the country needs fixing and youre the best man for the job! thank you
my prediction will declare his candidacy near memorial day or july 4th symbolism patriotic gobig
do successful ceos sleep less than everyone else?
rick perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening
entrepreneurs keep your momentum without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
my trumptuesday interview with ken langone and dick grasso discussing the chicago teachers strike @ 2012
its jan 2 president obama should end his vacation early and get back to washington to straighten out the obamacare catastropheor end it
just played scotland course verdict fantastic dispelled all biased antidonald chatter id heard
thanks for buying doral! there is no doubt your vision will create a master piece hope to play it one day
dude s tactics are just on a level weve never seen before
good night washington dc 🇺🇸
crooked hillary clinton made up facts about me and forgot to mention the many problems of our country in her very average scream!
if you run as donald trump and not a democrat or republican the people will vote for you!
i get my inspiration for what i do everyday from you so nice thanks!
the same people that built the obamacare website used as the face of the website someone who is not a us citizen incompetent
literally everyone knew that since the playoffs started wrong!
we finally have a voice with let’s do our part and vote in the r primary 4 trump2016 trumparmy
we had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap why?
trump says things that no one else would even consider saying i agree with him on the immigration situation i love honesty
had a great time on last night greta always does great interviews
the 1 trend on twitter right now is trumpwon thank you!
us smallbusiness optimism index surges by most since 1980
president obama our great leader wants to declare martial law in new york city as a means of helping out with the massive storm
despite the disgusting illegal and unwarranted witch hunt we have had the most successful first 17 month administration in us history by far! sorry to the fake news media and “haters” but that’s the way it is!
so far he has been a complete failure at doing so he should read the art of the deal and use his energy to focus on a new career
i hear this moron said nasty things about me hair etc—boring on the terminated show stupid guy/bad ratings!
thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe inleave the bsand lies for hillary and barack
ed gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what i stand for don’t forget republicans won 4 out of 4 house seats and with the economy doing record numbers we will continue to win even bigger than before!
top clinton aides bemoan campaign ‘all tactics’ no vision
washington is in total gridlock—no trust no leadership—very interesting!
make sure you are doing what you love to do you need passion to keep you going
even i want you to become the president of the united states and im from britain! legend trump cute!
might be a lil late but much respect to you for giving 100g for his charity hesgreat thanks!
chris this is awesome what an interview go donald
via donald trump calls barack obama incompetent
join me in columbus ohio tomorrow! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
via by “donald trump wins lawsuit against joint commission on public ethics”
“ course is beautiful i played there in 2012”
the great generals macarthur and patton real leaders and fighters are spinning in their graves as we give syria info and time to prepare
join me live in toledo ohio time to draintheswamp and maga!
“winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves” – think like a champion
this is why i agree with donald trump they should ban flights from ebola infected countries from entering the us
see trump tower!
emmys telecast is way down and lowest telecast on record among young adults emmys have no credibilityshould have nominated apprentice again!
can you get me a parking slot at mar a lago on sunday its very busy with the car show meeting yes call me!
experience is the teacher of all things julius caesar
if stuart stevens book is as bad as his horrible political advice to mitt romney dont waste your money arrogant guy but a zero!
i should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that penn hand delivered to me minds would be changed very fast!
i appreciate the kind words of mike huckabee a fine american
cbo estimates over 23m jobs will be lost due to obamacare elections have consequences
we left iraq and it is quickly falling apartwhat a waste of lives and moneyand so obvious
rubio was very disloyal to bush his mentor when he decided to run against him both said they love each otherthey dont word is hate!
hes to soft of a president incompetent would be a better word!
i don’t know why our allies are so surprised obama is tapping their phones? nothing changes!
i am self funding my campaign and only work for you the american people! trump2016 video
great purchase in ireland will be a top spot!
trump for president 2016 this country needs a different kind of change thanks!
i will be on with tomorrow morning at 10 30am et on enjoy!
as a scot thank you for what u do for the beautiful country of scotland but us needs u in dc presidentdonaldtrump
rt pope who lives in a vatican city fortified with huge walls thinks its wrong to build walls? really?
i answered my fans questions via video watch
best links course in britain ailsa course opens june 16 cant wait to play it
americas debt officially became 100 of our gdp on 50th birthdaycoincidence?
remember cruz and bush gave us roberts who upheld obamacare twice! i am the only one who will makeamericagreatagain!
despite spending $500k a day on tv ads alone crookedhillary falls flat in nationwide having zero impact sad!!
texttrump88022 for exclusive updates! we will make america great again!
“if you have a crisis whether on a ship or wherever there are heroes who rise above it” jerry bruckheimer
rt on meeting with russian attorney i believe don jr is the victim here thefive
thanks kayla enjoy
entrepreneurs keep an open mind business is a creative endeavor
see lyin ted even the no fan of mine says this story came from rubio not trump!
a great afternoon thank you south carolina! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
it’s okay but why do the haters and losers want to follow me on twitter?? get a life!
hey can we get a shout out for a start up company in our entrepreneurship class work hard and good luck!
the hostess closing did not have to happenshould have been an easy deal to make
if theyre unreported how do you know theres 26000 of them? reported tonight by all major news casts
last week to enter the think like a champion signed book and keychain contest
obama’s promise to build an international coalition against isis is already broken no one trusts him at home or abroad
one 57 is one of the worst looking buildings ive seen in a long time in particular its very ugly skin
resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation jack nicklaus
twitlonger betawhen people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me my general attitude all my life has cont
i will be on on the record tonight at 10 pm
a clinton economy more taxes and more spending! debatenight
respected morning consult poll just out i lead all republicans and beat hillary head to head by a wide margin 45 to 40!
lightweight choker marco rubio looks like a little boy on stage not presidential material!
inspiration exists but it has to find us working pablo picasso
i will be in california this weekend making a speech for clint eastwood then to arizona and vegas big crowds discussing illegals and more!
i think your sign needs to stay i think it looks great love it
my sons don and eric are in ireland looking at my new club it will be phenomenal!
via donald trump says its morally unfair of obama to send soldiers into ebola hot zone
the american dream is alive and well good interview on this am gytu ☝️
george will you retire please
as much as buffalo respected and loved mr wilson it would bring excitement and prestige to have mr trump own the bills
amazing nh poll released! we are getting ready to make america great again!
a message to my fellow americans🇺🇸 irmahurricane2017🎥
hurricane irene and libya in todays trumpvlog
i bet her ratings were great! good work mr trump they were greatthanks!
you have my vote already! we dont need another obama its time for someone who knows how to lead!
larry kudlow will be my chief economic advisor as director of the national economic council our country will have many years of great economic and financial success with low taxes unparalleled innovation fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! maga
watch kasich squirm if he is not truthful in his negative ads i will sue him just for fun!
when obama tried to tweak his previous statement on obamacare he made it an even greater lieeven the senate democrats are angry with him!
wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds they are killing the finances and environment of many countries and communities
in hudson valley course has pristine fairways tour caliber greens and 64 strategic sand bunkers
“no matter how good you get you can always get better and thats the exciting part”
biggest name in real estate! icon!thanks!
trump for president! tom brady as running mate?
so sad that obama rejected keystone pipeline thousands of jobs good for the environment no downside!
i will be interviewed on at 7 00 am enjoy!
who i got to know very well during celebapprentice cant carry jock
the president’s speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare the republicans don’t know how to handle that—i do
beautiful in tomorrow as audrey hepburn in front of tiffanys
im on the david letterman tonightlooking forward to it 11 35 pm on cbs
needs to run so we can get out of this mess trump2016
in tampa florida thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to makeamericagreatagain!
if i’m the third most envied man in america the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas
congrats nfl good choice
wake up jeb supporters!
my husband wanted to watch with me tonight because he loves to hear you say youre fired celebapprentice
monday nightwho needs football when you have celebrityapprentice yourfired
poll shows leads among registered republican women with 44 👍🏻 thank you!
i will be interviewed by tonight at 8 pm on the enjoy!
dream large take charge truedo it!
i believe that too! run dt! please!
thank you california! trump2016
national debt january 2009 $106 trillionaugust 2016 $194 trillion
the worst negotiators in history otherwise known as republicans have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months pathetic!
something big and different tonight? are you going to fire penn and trace crown yourself the apprentice?
response to hillary clinton
romney should have been a tough guy with obama he cowered and lost badly! hes not relevant!
how does this cast look to you? pretty amazing celebapprentice
looking forward to your announcement! ❤️🇺🇸❤️
for all of my many jewish friends happy passover
rt trump approval hits 50
be sure to look for my beautiful wife melania trump tonight on qvc at 9 pm et where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection
you should run for president!
back by popular demand and are cohosting tonights missuniverse pageant they are great!
celebapprentice contestants and joined me for interviews today
chinas new and advanced currency manipulation is killing the us help!
heading to colorado for a big rally massive crowd great people! will be there soon the polls are looking good
trump wins hands down jeb is weak rubio is broke
i have always been a strong follower of your teachings i dont know why u have started being so negative i havent!
iraq is no longer our problem we never should have been there in the first place!
leaving for liberty university ill be speaking today in front of a record crowd trump2016
keep speaking truth!! there are many of us who want america great again! thank you!
the scotland golf course in aberdeen is open and packed—really cool to see and many are saying the greatest golf course ever built
congratulations to on the 11 year anniversary of on the record always enjoy being interviewed by greta shes great
julian assange on us media coverage “it’s very dishonest” hannity more dishonest than anyone knows
the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown mort zuckerman puts me on the cover daily because i sell my honor but it is dead!
$4 gasoline – wow—opec is very happy!
when? if it was before today youre good if you sold it today not that good i sold it last week!
trump 4 president 2016count on my vote!
all across this nation we pray for our country and we thank god for our united states marines! thank you god bless you and god bless america!
is terrific but for obama to fly on air force one $’s to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous
once again proves he cant run a professional campaign he is ineligible in large section of cont
flashback from october 2013 “donald trump demands larger iphone screen” you’re welcome! apple listened
was going to do a phoner this morning with on but they could not get their phone equi pm ent to hook in will do next week
in ’08 predicted that us headed toward bankruptcy has added over $6t in debt since scary
rt winlose deal that benefits iran and hurts united states
way to go you are a true champion proud of you!
politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd amendment i won’t let them take away our guns! trump2016watch
once again under the us has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness we must do better
im a former chief of police in a border town im hispanic im proud to be hispanic and im 100 behind trump
eliot better have a great prenup—i want to help silda in her negotiation
happy the apprentice is back to two hours having my weekly apprentice party you will love it tonight!
just heard the campaign was sued by the obstructionist democrats this can be good news in that we will now counter for the dnc server that they refused to give to the fbi the debbie wasserman schultz servers and documents held by the pakistani mystery man and clinton emails
donaldtrump has one of the best twitters out there love him or hate him the man gets it very important for modern leaders imo
the rigged system may have helped hillary clinton escape criminal charges but
i will be on tonight at 7 00 pm with mike pence talking about law and order and many other subjects! bad times for divided usa!
melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with class and dignity trump2016
protesters and the tears of senator schumer secretary kelly said that all is going well with very few problems make america safe again!
i cant wait to read thisrt seal book explodes obama furious
via on sale for loeb school event featuring donald trump”
there is no substitute for hard workthomas edison
this country is being frayed by the inept politicians in dc we need to vote smarter and be more informed teamtrump
fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally greatly appreciated!
the should have an amazing team next year with kobe nash and howard will be fun to watch
we push for the removal of all tradedistorting practicesto foster a truly level playing field
i should have many emmys for the apprentice if the process were fairin any event its not my day job
claims that all his choices were the right ones i am sure the 20 of americans who are unemployed disagree
how can hillary run the economy when she cant even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
the audacity of ineptitude – obamacare website will cost over $1b when will someone finally be held accountable?
i don’t believe the democrats really want to see a deal on daca they are all talk and no action this is the time but day by day they are blowing the one great opportunity they have too bad!
just sit back and watch obamacare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards the website is the best part of this mess!
marygreat!
dont forget episodes 2 and 3 of are on tonight at 8 pm and 9 pm on
its called climate change no they changed it to climate change when global warming wasnt working anymoretoo cold!
mr trump is right! build the wall!
jeb bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body jeb just cant get it right!
“as you go through life youve got to see the valleys as well as the peaks” – neil young
trump turnberry is a spectacular placeand home to four of the greatest open championships of all time
why does a network allow a stupid racist like toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! can there be only one reason
solyndras government loan and subsequent bankruptcy prove that is both corrupt and inept
thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on saturday night live best ratings in 4 years!
you know what is the worst part of tuesday speech playing class warfarewe paid for it with our tax dollars
we must never bend too much yitzhak shamir 19152012
why did clinton supporter declare crooked hillary winner in ky when ap hasnt even called the race?
i voted 4 do you want to run4president on the republican side?vote here vote
why dont we ask the navy seals who killed bin laden? they dont seem to be happy with obama claiming credit all he did is say ok
will be doing fox and friends at 7 am in 20 minutes
rt nevada here is a quick video created on how to caucus very quick and simple! …
was great really laid out the problems and the solutions/he were best
join me! trump20166/10 richmond tampa pittsburgh
the is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash we are monitoring the situation prayers for all involved
thanksand happy new year to you
are you overqualified to be president since you have actually held a job???? a very good question!
thats our president! thats why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump
good day mr trump any updates on ur golf course in aberdeen ?? scotland record business!
so many people are agreeing with me on not creating a highway for ebola to the us started in small area of africa and now spreading fast
yeah first question list your major accomplishments trump4prez
donaldtrump preach it brother! first election ive been excited about in many many years since reagan to be exact
superbowl sunday is a great american tradition the colts and saints are already champions but may the best team win!
my people caught the person who committed forgery of the james gandolfiniobama care phoney quote attributed to mefraud arrest coming?
my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris
big news from scotland on turnberry which by the way blows pinehurst away! tomorrow morning stay tuned
washington dc is such a mess nothing works! i will make america great again! its not going to happen with anyone else
when you become president who would be the secretary of the treasury? no one can run a business better that you
let pete rose into the hall of fame now 35 years is enough!
even with lower profit projections american firms are still throwing money into china obama is killing investment
as has been stated by numerous legal scholars i have the absolute right to pardon myself but why would i do that when i have done nothing wrong? in the meantime the never ending witch hunt led by 13 very angry and conflicted democrats and others continues into the midterms!
re negotiation patience is an enormous virtue and needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level
no such meeting or conversation ever happened a made up story by low ratings
ceo’s salary in 2011 was $951957 where is the outrage?
looking forward to being guest of honor at patriot gala dinner on june 14th in dc flag day and my birthday
why did the dnc refuse to turn over its server to the fbi and still hasnt? its all a big dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
rt polling convergence oan/gravis and reuters… rt cnn hbo
the greater miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the miss universe pageant a decision will be made very soon!
celebrity apprentice please! asap
my int with in south carolina with cadets on my 757 discussing 2016
thanksit will be great
wednesdays debate is day one of the election over 70 million voters will be watching
we need trump as president!
will be heading over shortly to make remarks at the national prayer breakfast in washington great religious and political leaders and many friends including tv producer mark burnett of our wonderful 14 season apprentice triumph will be there looking forward to seeing all!
congratulations to the 2016 stanleycup champions pittsburgh
i hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing boring abd totally biased new york ragazinesave your money!
entrepreneurs see yourself as victorious this will focus you in the right direction put everything youve got into what youre doing
whos the outsourcer? campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in china and india
tom brady played great today he is a total champ and a really nice guy a rare combination!
occupy wall street is at it again go out and get a job its actually easier work and far more rewarding
the report on potential vp candidates is wrong marco rubio and most others mentioned are not under consideration
i dont think it has run its course there are opportunities finding them and maximizing them are key components for success
im sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via the economist 32!
thanks bill!
rt 223000 jobs added in may even the nyt runs out of words to describe how good the numbers are!
made sure to visit during our 1st vacation to nyc well done thanks
who needs sleep when your the one and only donaldtrump ?
if sheena monnin apologized for her mistake as she should have i would have treated her very nicely
nbc news is fake news and more dishonest than even cnn they are a disgrace to good reporting no wonder their news ratings are way down!
our big and very popular tax cut and reform bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses this is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of and now it is the rage merry christmas!
make america great again!
statement by me last night in florida “honestly i don’t think the democrats want to make a deal they talk about daca but they don’t want to helpwe are ready willing and able to make a deal but they don’t want to they don’t want security at the border they don’t want
obama is on yet another twoday west coast fundraising swing has to fit it in before his 15 day taxpayer funded vacation
i miss cnndebate
why do people think that is going to run for president in 2016?because the country is a total mess right now
just do it!✔️
lyin ted cruz lost all five races on tuesdayand he was just given the jinx a lindsey graham endorsement also backed jeb lindsey got 0!
thank you imwithyouvideo
this is a tragedy the real unemployment rate is 148 with over 232 million unemployed americans we can do much better
get it right its carlos danger even the last name wiener uses is sick!
on the 13th tee box with my grand daughter kai!
about to begin a rally here in henderson nevada new reuters poll just out thank you! join the movement …
rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests a lightweight senator with the worst voting record in senate lazy!
congratulations to my friend on being named to the hall of famous missourians rush is a great guy and a great character
glad to see no charges against greg kelly his accusers charges never made sense!
the senate should immediately vote on the iranian sanctions bill what is the delay? iran is already breaking its agreement with obama
for all of those daca that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period you have nothing to worry about no action!
yesterday i explained to on why doesnt deserve credit for killing bin laden
the government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel now they go through mexico wish donaldtrump was in charge
buffalo has one great donald trump doctor at roswell park cancer institute we need another !
the art of the deal changed my life and real estate career thank you great!
my doral country club purchase was made just before miami real estate market went through the roof—good timing!
amazingmy tweets are covered across every spectrum from to to
rt its hard to fight terrorism when youre making cash payments to the worlds largest state sponsor of terror under trump n…
the great state of nebraska can do much better than as your senator saw him on totally ineffective wants paid for pols
great playing at the masters and dont get down jordan you will win many tournaments and many majors! keep working hard
trump for president you have my vote great
why doesnt in his ads show my answer to his statement in the debate?
the $1b failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the obamacare over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year
it is time to get out of afghanistan we are building roads and schools for people that hate us it is not in our national interests
vote for president! 🇺🇸 trump16
in your planning know how much risk you can take evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk
thank you rhode island! trump2016
miamidade mayor drops sanctuary policy right decision strong!
rt she put the office of sec of state up for sale if she ever got the chance she’d put the oval office up for sale too fo…
i do thanks
had to give $1000 to brother for his childs hospital bill isnt that disgraceful?
happy passover to everyone celebrating in the united states of america israel and around the world chagsameach
president obama should stay out of the hong kong protests we have enough problems in our own country!cant even properly police white house
loving on this morning!
why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against isis? it puts our troops at a disadvantage
this countrys economy would be back on track if became the next president so true thanks!
“on 1/20 the day trump was inaugurated an estimated 35000 isis fighters held approx 17500 square miles of territory in both iraq and syria as of 12/21 the us military estimates the remaining 1000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1900 square miles” via
thank you great show!
never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands be prudent its best to have your concessions predetermined
going to watching canadian open this week?maybe few tour players will visit trump toronto! great!
via by donald trump gop nominee ‘can’t be mitt can’t be bush
via under fire from donald trump jeb bush focuses on 9/11 even though hijackers got florida licenses
“iowa hirings suggest donald trump serious about 2016 white house bid” via by
yes all the win!
“relax and clear your mind if someone is speaking so that you’re receptive to what they’re saying” – roger ailes you are the message
kirsten powers anti trump operative was aggressively shopping cruz story via the gateway pundit
yogi berra was not only a great baseball player he was a great guy yogi will be missed
amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers towns cities and states throughout the us are being hurt many jobs being lost!
today melania and i were honored to welcome french president and mrs brigitte macron to the we look forward to hosting them at tonights state dinner in their honor
together we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are no match for the blessings of prosperity and peace!
turn to qvc now to watch melania really good stuff!
dont believe chrysler if obama winssee how fast production will be moved to chinaand ill be watching!
i dont mind that plays a lot of golf i just wish he used it productively to make deals with congress!
remember while is lauding himself tonight with selfindulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in afghanistan
our southern border is totally out of control this is an absolutely disgraceful situation we need border security!
watched you on my flight to iowa will not be forgotten
my monday interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations making the big deal and who has the cards
“when you’re at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer – of yourself and of others” – think like a billionaire
countrys been run by low iq people for years why amaze us when they speak
remember i am the only one who is selffunding my campaign all of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests!
if the art of the deal is a must read then timetogettough is my opus it is available dec 5th!
looking forward to being hosted and interviewed next monday by david rubenstein at the
dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that i said “children should not get vaccinated” i believe fully cont
caucusfortrump trump2016
the police in london say i’m right major article in daily mail “we can’t wear uniform in our own cars”
the numbers at the are so dismal especially advertising revenue that big help will be needed fast a once great institutionsad!
good is suing the federal government so he can protect the voter rolls florida must be a legal election
moments ago it was my great honor to sign righttotry into law!
my interview from monday discussing obama’s tone going over the curb and republican debt ceiling card
head to the palmetto state scteaparty15 don’t miss it
you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years trump2016 trumpforamerica
new book a must read! “the russia hoax the illicit scheme to clear hillary clinton and frame donald trump” by the brilliant fox news legal analyst gregg jarrett a sad chapter for law enforcement a rigged system!
i will be handing over my twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonights debate makeamericagreatagain
my interview with discussing why i will not be moderating the news max debate
jeb bush is weak on illegal immigration in favor of common core bad on womens health issues and thinks the iraq war was a good thing
iran is toying with our president buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership syria and now this! whats next?
barackobama set a record deficit last february $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent is reckless
the best vision is insight malcolm forbes
would not miss it for anything
be sure to watch interview from the hospitalityconference
glad to hear that is doing well she is a terrific person
twitlonger betawe have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy timetogettough cont
fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to negative why? failure to lead with the super committee
thank you kenansville north carolina! remember on november 8th that special interest gravy train is coming to a…
how long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that upand where are your 33000 emails that you deleted?
one beautiful course thank you
thanks for the nice comments on trump national doral i’ve long been your fan—now am an even bigger fan!
oh god i agree with you
most brilliant casting in the history of tv gilbert gottfried on celebrity apprentice
we have got to get our marine out of that disgusting mexican jail would be so easy if we had a real leader one tough phone call and hes out
it even lights up?? thats so hot bestchicagosign
find work that you loveyou have to be passionate about it to succeed then focus and never give up!
speech in dallas went really well big and wonderful crowd just arrived in la big day tomorrow!
the republicans are always worried about the pressthey should just do what is right
congrats to presobama on having 3 of “biggest pinocchios of the year” great accomplishment!
the fake news is working overtime as paul manaforts lawyer said there was no collusion and events mentioned took place long before he
i am having a great time in iowa at jack trice stadium! unbelievable people
age wrinkles the body quitting wrinkles the soul general douglas macarthur
08022011 19 56 31
whats wrong with showing morocco? nothing! it illustrates a point! duh! love the video!
how is any one taking carson seriously when he suspends his presidential campaign for a book signing tour?
people buy deals and immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals
live on periscope major announcement! makeamericagreatagain
new fox news pollthank you iowa! trump2016 iacaucus
a hall
dont forget the open call at trump tower tomorrow for the apprentice i look forward to seeing you there
the bimbo back in town i hope not for long
michele bachmann just dropped out of prez race when she didnt do the news max debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her
yes you are my hero i admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for america!!!
can you believe that president obama still hasnt stopped the flights and people pouring into the us from west africa terrible president!
sadly this kind of stuff even happened to ronald reagan there is nothing nice about it! makeamericagreatagain
happy thanksgiving to all have a great day and look forward to the future we will make america great again!
black politicians are in prison based on shirley huntley’s statements but not white racism!
you have my vote and im a democrat!albeit a conservative one thanks joe
rt president trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today the national day of prayer
then we attended the scottish fashion show that benefits veterans dressed to kilt 2010 which i cohosted with sir sean and lady connery
americas olympic uniforms are manufactured in china burn the uniforms! usolympiccommittee
entrepreneurs don’t sell yourself short don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best
thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the timetogettough book signings it is great to meet fellow patriots
run for office!
another solar company funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy one cont
joshthanks i think youre right
real estate!
thanks rob!
one point i made sure to stress at is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you
thank you! we will make america great again!
rt congratulations looking forward to being on the show tonight at 9 pm et hannity beats maddow politico https /…
trump won the debate disgusting rubio said peed is he still in junior high school
obama spurns trump offer to foot white house tours via
thanks janise!
thanks mary
im not saying to not give vaccines i am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time not one massive dose for a child
it was a great honor to welcome president petro poroshenko of ukraine to the today with pence➡️…
the truth prevails when it is so obvious is a force that is unstoppable
how does mr trump defended himself against the dirty name calling punks on here ? move along ignorant uneducated punks
i am with you mr trump! i want to make america great again it can be! our spirit is not broken
the least number of hurricanes in the us in decades so they change global warming too cold to climate changenow what will they call it
mr trump removing the broken teleprompter in north carolinain front of a massive crowd he goes onampdelivers the b…
great book the art of the deal thanks
your a great inspiration to a lot of people!! including myself! thank you
the nfl is becoming unwatchable because of the flags
is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty who reveals her great skin care collection
just amazing! well done! great you accepted that challenge personally i had no doubts about that! thanks
youd have my vote! great
donald trump obama stupid or arrogant for not instituting ebola travel ban on sunday
“ in chicago on a business trip i love seeing the trump name!! thanks!”
i am watching and how fairly they are treating me and my words and and the total distortion of my words and what i am saying
i told you the oscars were terrible—bad look bad talent—and among the lowest ratings in show’s history …
come on donald america needs you captainamerica trump2016
donald trump has done more for this country than barrack has ever thought about thanks!
i cant believe that would allow the very nice jeffrey lord to be savaged by a panel of seven trump haters 7 to 1 dont watch cnn!
new national bloomberg poll just released thank you! join the movement trumptrain…
in beautiful pine hill trump nat’l philadelphia’s award winning course provides amazing views of philly skyline
make america great again! americafirst imwithyou
about then candidate trump catherine herridge so why doesnt fake news report this? witch hunt! purposely phony reporting
wonder if obama will ever say radical islamic terrorist?
in politics and in life ignorance is not a virtue this is a primary reason that president obama is the worst president in us history!
drove by turnberry hotel last night weather excellent piper playing outside hotel iconic scene absolutely marvelous thx
there is incredible progress on the site of trump tower punta del este uruguay situated on the sands of playa brava
is responding so i remember meeting him when i was a valet at trump national in nj before it opened wow
the isis thug who murdered amer james foley may hv been gitmo detainee yall want close gitmo so bad
tell saudi arabia and others that we want demand! free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private boeing 747spay up!
youve got something unique to offer find out what it is ask yourself what can i provide that does not yet exist?
chuckyou are greatthanks!
donald trump on hell be at tomorrow
check out todays trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of celebrityapprenticefinale
manufacturing is now less than 9 of us gdp the rust belt heart of our country’s factory sector has been destroyed by our leaders
this whole super pac scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all pacs and is selffunding
wow huffington post just stated that i am number 1 in the polls of republican candidates thank you but the work has just begun!
you were awesome! honest personable intelligent! thanks!
does mister runyan think that donald trump would make a good president or a great president? great
wouldnt you agree that apple is falling off without visionary steve jobs? yes
james comey’s memos are classified i did not declassify them they belong to our government! therefore he broke the law! additionally he totally made up many of the things he said i said and he is already a proven liar and leaker where are memos on clinton lynch and others?
immigration reform is all risk for the their base doesn’t want it and the 12m illegals will all vote democrat
watching the trump family so classy and smart great people
attorney general jeff sessions has taken a very weak position on hillary clinton crimes where are emails and dnc server and intel leakers!
you were excellent on howard sternthanks for the nice comments about my kidsyours are winners also!
crooked h is nasty to sanders supporters behind closed doors owned by wall st and politicians hrc is not with you
current really sad not only boring but highly inaccurate use better paper product looks like a death march which it is!
thanks bryan
this veteran just voted in the sc primary lets make america great again!
no i wasnt at the game yesterday cant go today either when i go they win
poll new yorkers prefer donald trump and liam neeson over of bill de blasio
“see yourself as victorious! that will focus you in the right direction” – trump never give up
opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work thomas edison
when they have no environmental restrictions! america s workers need us
loved being with my many friends in tennessee the crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic i won the straw poll big!
high above the city pool deck mixes business and pleasure over a soaring bar of skybound gold
trump approval rebounds to 45 surges among hispanics union homes men
love the sign in chicago! you built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it kudos! thank you
proud of you bruh thanks!
perhaps its time we bring back the american empire mista trump makeamericagreatagain
what do you think of i dont think of bill maher and nobody else does either
the westminster dog show asked if id be interested in meeting hickory a scottish deerhound who won best in show she came to visit today!
“there are 2 things i’ve found i’m very good at overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work”–the art of the deal
british prime minister may was very angry that the info the uk gave to us about manchester was leaked gave me full details!
some of you were asking about the allstar lineup for celebrity apprentice
thank you council bluffs iowa! the silent majority is silent no more! trump2016 fitn
thankskeep up the good work
you looked very presidential last night on the telly thank you
time for an entrepreneur president not one of these insipid morons that have never made a payroll
do you notice the fake news mainstream media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative the russian collusion hoax is dead except as it pertains to the dems public gets it!
this episode beats pierce/omarosa and joan / annie duke
get out and votetrump if you dont votetrump nothing will change its that simple! votetrump
some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!
very sad that republican donors were targeted by obama’s irs
u were right jodi arias should have listened to u thanks but im glad she didnt
despite the aluminum tariffs aluminum prices are down 4 people are surprised i’m not! lots of money coming into us coffers and jobs jobs jobs!
will be interviewed on at 7 00 am so much to talk about!
to design 18 hole course at akoya oxygen dubai cant wait to visit a fantastic place!
trump tower is not a building it is an event! donald trump
attorney general bill schuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan i am bringing back your jobs and bill will help
thank you governor make america safe and great again with the american people americafirst…
i would absolutely kill jon stewart? in a debate it would be no contest hes not fast enough or smart enough only obnoxious enough!
the democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! emails say the rigged system is alive and well!
please run for president!!!!
my 10 yr old daughter watches celebrityapprentice over disney channel lovestowin willlovetheshoes
celebapprentice is baaaaaack!
check it out all the way from wyoming! makeamericagreatagain thank you
watching celebrity apprentice! i hope wins!! love her!
rick perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border he should be ashamed of himself gov abbott has since been terrific
thank you to the brave servicemen and women who have served and continue to serve the united states our true heroes…
best wishes to the republic of korea on hosting the what a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly great nation!
listen to my interview with at
a message from kim jong un “north korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles”also will “shut down a nuclear test site in the country’s northern side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests” progress being made for all!
via by “donald trump headline gala”
ratings were huge for appearance on saturday night live gt
anytime the donald is on is the best time for television thanks
why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016
nobody out thinks me dtrump damn right! great show
as i have long stated we are so tied in with china and asia that their markets are now taking the us market down get smart usa
congratulations treasury secretary steven mnuchin! icymi watch here
i dont care how old it is i will always get so pumped up when i listen to donald trump really nice sort of?!
join me live at the
is business success a natural talent? i think its a combination of aptitude work and luck think like a champion
just as i predicted iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos the war was a waste china is taking all the oil
actually i think it was factual and right on the mark you are a vulture sir nothing more thank you!
donald trump for presedent over all of amercia!!!!!!!!
im loving as project manager! celebapprentice
is a stone cold loser with no talentwhy did they ever put him on law and order?
chicago should be so lucky to have the king of new york invest in their city! love the sign!! it should be bigger jmo!
syrian ceasefire seems to be holding many lives can be saved came out of meeting good!
i will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats on this there will be no flexibility with vladimir putin mitt
from donald trump andrea bocelli @ maralago many say best night of entertainment in long history of palm beach
20 most anticipated hotel openings of 2016 trump international hotel washington dc
which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment?
joining reagan as potus with a star on the walk of fame gotmyvote great
if you dont run in 2016 im moving to canada please help us mr trump dont move so fast!
us taxpayers are tired of carrying the deadbeats
im not sayingtrump should necessarily be a 2 term president give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy
great pm choices! celebrityapprentice
republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on repeal and replace after years of talking and campaigning on it
reaction that is dropping out of the 2016 race your thoughts?
why hasnt obama created jobs?
great to see the construction of the old post office on penn ave going fast under budget ahead of schedule!
the interview with oprah will cause lance armstrong huge legal and financial problems sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide
love your words of wisdom merry christmas and happy new year thanks
~ awesome to read!! i told you that great piece in recognizing impact on golf!👍👍‼️
our thoughts and prayers are w/ the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the arizona wildfire god bless them
will team power be able to withstand omarosa as pm ? smooth sailing is not expected
it will be great and produce many jobs
we are not looking to fill all of those positions dont need many of them reduce size of government
gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever standing ovation!
obama says a wall at our southern border wont enhance our security wrong and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall fence at wh
man with a planthe best tax plan! go trump 2016!
thank you charlotte north carolina! we are going to have an amazing victory on november 8thbecause this is all…
thank you carmel indiana! get out and votetrump tomorrow! inprimary makeamericagreatagain
new york republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning and fast this is your last decent shot!
history lesson there’s a big difference between hillary clinton and abraham lincoln for one his nickname is hone…
a bit behind with apprentice uk but art gallery show was unreal great show sir
a new intelligence leak from the amazon washington postthis time against ag jeff sessionsthese illegal leaks like comeys must stop!
james comey just threw andrew mccabe “under the bus” inspector general’s report on mccabe is a disaster for both of them! getting a little lot of their own medicine?
make no mistakefast and furious goes all the way to the white house
ill bet you had a great son
“donald trump $200 million dc hotel will be among world’s best” via
apology accepted
big win by last night to take control of al east jeter and company now control their destiny
what recovery? jp morgan has readjusted q2 growth down from 17 to 14 and q3 to 15 with 2012 on a whole at 17
i cant resist hitting lightweight verbally when he starts up because he is justso pathetic and easy stupid!
were coming up on the new yearit is really important that despite so many stupid decisions being made in washington we make it best ever
i will make our military so big powerful and strong that no one will mess with us trump2016
via by “donald trump plans investment in india betting on modi government”
a great night in macon georgia! thank you for all of the support together we will makeamericagreatagain!
with one yes vote in hospital and very positive signs from alaska and two others mccain is out we have the hcare vote but not for friday!
great pollster john mclaughlin now has the gop up in the generic congressional ballot big gain over last 4 weeks i guess people are loving the big tax cuts given them by the republicans the cuts the dems want to take away we need more republicans!
top of the fbi brennan started this entire debacle about president trump we now know that brennan had detailed knowledge of the phony dossierhe knows about the dossier he denies knowledge of the dossier he briefs the gang of 8 on the hill about the dossier which
thank you tennessee! maga
give us an anticipation of it please! veni vidi vici! you must see what happens at the very beginniing 9 pm
big poll just out by has me in 1st place by a lot a great honor but we have a long way to go to make america great again!
wow i just had two very good iowa polls and a phenomenal just out national poll from 38 make america great again!
come join us at the verizon wireless center manchester new hampshire on 2/8! register now
trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure
great advice my dad also a developer always reminded me that were in the problem solving business so true!
will be having many meetings this weekend at the southern white house big 5 00 pm speech in melbourne florida a lot to talk about!
i dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them time is moneythe art of the deal
u need to run against romney/bush you know infinitely more about economics but you must publicly criticize them gop
thanks monique!
major league baseball was really smart when they wouldnt let mark cuban buy a team was it his financials or the fact that hes an asshole?
raising large sums of money for charitiesand they do a great job
it was my great honor to deliver the cgacommencement17 at the congratulations to the class of 2017!…
the deal with north korea is very much in the making and will be if completed a very good one for the world time and place to be determined
this interview made you look down to earth romney should have done letterman
join me in bedford new hampshire tomorrow at 3 00 pm cant wait to see everyone! americafirst maga…
never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by
today is the day that obamacare website was supposed to be up and working wrongwebsite is closed down a total disaster! 90 million doomed
i dont like why is she even on i wish could answer this for me
the people of ireland are very smart—they just killed an ugly windfarm which wouldve hurt tourism
the top 2 of miss universe 2014 should be usa and colombia
2016 is your year and i will do everything god gave me to show my appreciation xoxo
rt fox news alert north korea responds to us with guam attack plan as secretary mattis warns kim jung un “he is grossly…
for prez 2016 cuz america
who do you want negotiating for us? makeamericagreatagain
i love when tells everyone the truth about america runforpresident
celebapprentice nice to have this footage of joan
i only respond to people that register more than 1 in the polls i never thought he had a chance and i’ve been proven right
cant believe we are less than three weeks away from the election time certainly flies!
no beautiful and really sweet and nice
the government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends dangerous for us but great news for china
each day that iran delays the deal if that is what you call it we must add another sanction and make them progressively tough
join me in atlanta on wednesday at noon! trump2016tickets
merry christmas!!!
great concert at 4 00 pm today at lincoln memorial enjoy!
washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent must be since 7 yrs of lawlessness in wh are ignored
thank you for your endorsement maga
it has just been confirmed by the city of mobile alabama that there were 30000 people at last nights event making it 1for pol season
rt in the oval office w/senior us military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the president and first l…
who on earth is danny zuker????!!!! a lightweight moron who only gets attention by attacking trump
i have determined that it is time to officially recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel i am also directing the state department to begin preparation to move the american embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem
the democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal bust just confirms all of the terrible things that were done so illegal!
americastop being dupedwake up cruz and rubio establishment phonies donaldtrump only truthful and not owned candidate
final s just announced in the great state of mo trump wins! new certified s show a 365 vote increase for me @ least 12 more delegates!
i have heard obama say we can afford obama care america is a rich nation we can afford it no not close
you have an amazing father thank you stu and ivanka is a great daughter!
when i said that if within the orlando club you had some people with guns i was obviously talking about additional guards or employees
im in nyc for the first time probably gonna visit trump tower will you be in town? i need to meet my roll model
had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement really an honor can’t wait to see everyone
will be doing fox and friends in a few minutes hope you enjoy!
im hoping the history books read donald trump led america out of its darkest times wow very nice!
i agree thanks
great news has fully recovered and will be back on this coming monday barbara is wonderful!
any advise for battered paula dean? her ship has been sinking she must get back to work and stop apologizing!
by trump lands for old post office flagship restaurant”
the hill’s twitter room trump spitzer weiner turning new york into ‘pervert central’
upcoming rallies join me!tomorrowfletcher nc @ 12 pm oh @ 7 pm
looks like several legal hispanics supporting trump! they know he will be good for them too
trump trashes on twitter youre a dummy and were born stupid
putin is making o and kerry look like chumps!
“bet founder trumps economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force”
great interview! thanks!
the unforgivable crime is soft hitting do not hit at all if it can be avoided but never hit softly theodore roosevelt
you are the most gracious man in the business nowadays! trump2016 i have not heard that one but thanks!
received a hurricaneharvey briefing this morning from acting secretary elaine duke and cos john kelly
last night melania and i attended the skating with the stars gala at wollman rink in central park it was fantastic stay tuned for part 2
james comey better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
my int discussing $25000 gift to usmc tahmooressi obama’s trip to china and the 2014 election results
just as i said last october census workers cooked the job numbers for obama right before the election
has over 79m hits on youtube and just hit platinum with his donald trump song—screw you mac!
the media is unrelenting they will only go with and report a story in a negative light i called brexit hillary was wrong watch november
in calling my tweets ‘obnoxious’ says “i sure know how to keep them wanting more” they are welcome i just tell it like it is
it is a movement not a campaign leaving the past behind changing our future together we will make america saf…
please bring back to the show apprentice trump pokerplayer
time warner cable went out on 5th avenue for 2 plus days they are a disaster i think im going to switch
golf is a brain game and is a great way to improve your business skills concentrationassessment technique and passionits all there
thank you to all of the great volunteers helping out with hurricaneharvey relief in texas!
via by “trump obama ‘treats our known enemies much better’ than israel”
transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the us military our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming
please run for president in 2016 i will vote for you hands down our country needs help and fast!
outright disgustingthe obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to us amb sean smiths mother
“this is the best time ever to look for a job” james freeman of wsj
so for commish? loved his views
those are the ppl that cant handle the truth great job at forcing his hand like only the trump can do!!!
daca was abandoned by the democrats very unfair to them! would have been tied to desperately needed wall
mr trump! im from south africa and i just love your tweets!! youre the best! thanks
antimorsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 antimubarek protests interesting
did you ever think our country would become an economic basket case? so much for hope and change
supporters waiting to hear me speak in oskaloosa iowa makeamericagreatagain
why would college graduates want crooked hillary as their president? she will destroy them!
entrepreneurs be prepared and be tough cover your bases! there are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if youre prepared
highest rated wine in va uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines
great interview on hannity thank you
i do like thank you
stayed in your chicago hotel last night great staff and awesome room! thanks!
thank you new york! trump2016
good news house just passed kateslaw hopefully senate will follow
success rulesurround yourself w/successful people do it with twitter follow trumpsuccess
will be there front and center along with the 70 greatest players in the world wgc championship
after you become our next president no one will take advantage of this country again
do you remember my grandfather hon frank j blangiardo? great guy
love frank hes so gooooood! what a great start on friday thanks!
maybe perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the rio grande to lure obama to see the border?
we all know that chess is a game of strategy so is business think about that and develop a strategy starting today
this chart from aeis shows how terrible recovery really is disaster
played trump scotland last tuesday weather and course outstanding !! thanks
via by “donald trump to blast obama trade pact in radio ads ‘a bad bad deal’”
its wants to raise all our taxeswho applauds china for cutting their taxes! cont
entrepreneurs work on what you will be proud to be associated with make your work count
just home from great couple of days at tremendous golf course simply outstanding loved it great thanks
our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching we are not looking good we are not looking smart we are not looking tough!
loved the show! best snl in years! trumptrainsnl
spoke to jerry jones of the dallas cowboys yesterday jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done players will stand for country!
i remember when said anthonyweiner would do this again! love it!
please mrtrump make your vp he is a perfect running mate he is a great guy!
history shows that a school shooting lasts on average 3 minutes it takes police and first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime highly trained gun adept teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly before police arrive great deterrent!
keep it fast short and direct whatever it is donald j trump
agreed we need as president asap
thank you for a great night at the verizon wireless arena new hampshire! votetrumpnh makeamericagreatagain fitn
corruption confirmed fbi confirms state dept offered quid pro quo to cover up classified emails
join me in clive iowa tomorrow at noon! americafirst magatickets
not concerned about themwerent they brutally mugging people in the park? go check your facts
re libyahillary took the blame for obama
for president! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!
“donald trump mitt romney blew it shouldnt run again” via by
rt starting next year you will be able to file under the new tax law which means more money in your pocket – all without…
you may be our last hope
watch obama refuse to call benghazi a terrorist attack on 912 what took so long to release this footage?
watch celebapprentice this sunday at 9 pm eston has received many 4 star reviews
congratulations to i will see you on the show!
terrible for the economy and a job killer china is laughing at us!
fox and friends
today is the day! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action! trumptrain maga…
why doesnt the media want to report that on the two big thursdays when crooked hillary and i made our speeches republicans won ratings
president obama and putin fail to reach deal on syria so what else is new? obama is not a natural deal maker only makes bad deals!
i would call what the obama administration has done these two terms a disaster foxandfriends
a tool of antitrump political actors this is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the fbi to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the lawthe fbi wasn’t straight with congress as it hid most of these facts from investigators” wall street journal
i own but he has his friends and haters and losers tweeting that he beat me he can’t beat me at anything!
after the liberal 60s and 70s how did we end up with reagan? hollywood the donald may have a serious chance
it is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients thank you
when you are fired from msnbc for your bad ratings and racist coverage stop by and say hello
pervert alert! serial sexter has promised to use twitter as a “tool” parentsmake sure your children have him blocked
leaving miamitrump national doral will be great!
has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed truthhurts
initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped see what happens when i am not mentioned
the eyes are on northeast pa with gas develo pm ent
and only potus candidate 2 support tom brady deserves the white house clear judgment and common sense for usa ! freebrady
“spend your time enjoying your big dreams” think big
frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us
be sure to watch missuniverse tonight at 8 pm on with its first simulcast on
do not give upyou will make it!
someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this i nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat
when it comes to violent crime and if we are going to solve the problem we must stop being so politically correctmust tell it like it is!
buy at the point of maximum pessimism sell at the point of maximum optimism sir john templeton
if i would have challenged the man the media would have accused me of interfering with that mans right of free speech a no win situation!
i understand thanks
the story has just been totally refuted by sec tillerson and pence it is fake news they should issue an apology to america!
univision apologized to me but i will not accept their apology i will be suing them for a lot of money miss usa contestants are hurt!
wearebernie will be overtaken by wewanttrump we are superior and have more supporters makeamericagreatagain trump
on anthony wiener i told you so!
“a failure or setback is not a defeat defeat is a state of mind you are defeated only when you accept defeat” – think big
congratulation to roy moore and luther strange for being the final two and heading into a september runoff in alabama exciting race!
hi donald spare a thought for little old guy here i love your hair and wish i had the same great!
great crowd in fletcher north carolina thank you! heading to johnstown pennsylvania now! get out on november 8th…
a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! do it trump2016
your seminars books shows all have impacted my life for better the number 1 thing i learned from you think big! great!
with barry diller and tina brown in charge did anyone doubt that would be a massive failure?
entrepreneurs success is good success with significance is even better work on what you will be proud to be associated with
mr president when are you going to start cleaning this mess of a country up? the celebrity apprentice is a perfect show
everyone wants to back you for 16 dont think hillary can take you if you have a well rounded team
got $16 billion to start wall on southern border rest will be forthcoming most importantly got $700 billion to rebuild our military $716 billion next yearmost ever had to waste money on dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equi pm ent
via
learn from yesterday live for today hope for tomorrow the important thing is not to stop questioning albert einstein
now ap is banning the term illegal immigrants what should we call them? americans?! this countrys political press is amazing!
you said it best lets make america great again trump2016
wikileaks reveals clinton camp’s work with ‘very friendly and malleable reporters’ draintheswamp crookedhillary
your release possible and have a great life! be careful there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
mr trump you were excellent on tonight thank you!
im sure the american voters will say mr trump you are hired!
the success of donald trump read on
donald trump sends $25000 to recently released sgt andrew tahmooressi thank you! marinefreed
we should stop talking stay out of syria and other countries that hate us rebuild our own country and make it strong and great againusa!
loved the show!
what is the best way to grow money when not starting with much? marry a rich person!
frumpy and very dumb gail collins an editorial writer at the new york times is so lucky to even have a job check her out incompetent!
you are my idol! im stuck in a company that takes my talent for granted! at my breaking point! give me strength dt! get out!
the french police are afraid to go into many communities how did france let this all happen and how did the female terrorist ever escape?
if trump were nominee in 2012 gop landslide 2016 for the win!
the club for growth said in their ad that 465 delegates cruz plus 143 delegates kasich is more than my 739 delegates try again!
the storied success of bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason will be a great potus
looking forward to sunday’s speech in the excel centre
by rejecting my ad on ugly windmills and faulty thinking on the “lockerbie bomber” the ad is now on worldwide news casts
ive dealt w/politicians throughout the world my deals are multifaceted transactions which involve many issues i know the process and win!
we need someone to lead the party strong person behind the man that is your strength thank you
re negotiation trust your instincts even after youve honed your skills theyre there for a reason
crookedhillary gives obama an “a” for an economic recovery that’s the slowest since wwii bigleaguetruth…
please dont roll over you are this countrys last hope and our kids need you dont lose this deal !
“the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing” – walt disney
us infrastructure is seriously deficient antrump is the only one talking about it !! lets go trump !!
uncomfortable looking nbc reporter willie geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers
trump international hotel and tower new yorkwinner of the forbes fivestar hotel award in 2009 through 2012
the saudis are taking credit for a meager 2 drop on crude they always play this game cont
in five minutes enjoy!
ask sally yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the news papers soon after she explained it to wh counsel
very honored trump is tops as clinton drops in connecticut primaries quinnipiac university poll finds
my opponents big bosseslobbyists and donorsare trying to do damage they will fail! money down the drain!
very thankful for president xi of china’s kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriersalso his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers we will make great progress together!
thank you to doug parker and american airlines for all of the help you have given to the us with hurricane flights fantastic job!
join us monday february 8th @ the verizon wireless arena in manchester new hampshire! fitn nhpolitics trump2016
more people attend a rally than watch on all week is very lonely cont
texas and louisiana we are w/ you today we are w/ you tomorrow and we will be w/ you every single day after to restore recover and rebuild!
clinton charity got up to $56 million from nations that are antiwomen gays crookedhillary
wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day think big
in nashville tennessee! lets make america great again!
you have my vote! trumpforpresident trump2016
mark cuban accepts the fact that the president of the united states was born here doubt it
in the spirit of transparency obama should immediately release the 911 tape of tyrone woods pleading for military support in benghazi
taking my 9yo to nyc next week for a fatherdaughter trip i will take her to see trump tower architecture done right thx
trump for president 2016 !!! thanks!
despite winning the second debate in a landslide every poll it is hard to do well when paul ryan and others give zero support!
i was!!! our caddy mateo understands customer service please recognize him mr trump great job mateo thanks!
i always said that debbie wasserman schultz was overrated the dems convention is cracking up and bernie is exhausted no energy left!
hi mikeywork hard and good luck
“ elated at official grand opening of via by
thank you west virginia! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
time for the republicans to find someone new—and better
dopey sugar you should thank me for having created the platform on which you became knownthe apprentice say thank you donald
also mention charity payment when pga tour comes there for the event true!
ive never seen anything like it everything he touches turns to gold! so nice a quote by fred ctrump about his son donald me!
one of donald trumps philosophies if someone screws you screw them back ten times worse i have heard of far worse!
well is an establishment hack big government rino whose only hope is thats sad eh!?
today i will meet with canadian pm trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce
thanks nathalie
my interview with discussing the 2012 election and the news max debate
congratulations to and to the republican party on budget passage yesterday now for biggest tax cuts
speaking from a military point of view i want as my commanderinchief great compliment thanks!
you need to run for president like right now mister trump
i look very much forward to meeting prime minister theresa may in washington in the spring britain a longtime us ally is very special!
any chance youll change your mind and run for president? gotmyvote time will tell!
my thoughts on anthony weiner in todays trumpvlog
the boston terrorist thugs’ mother is also a radical i am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly
as a legal immigrant im so glad someone standing up for us the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here thx
can you believe that the us will be sending 3000 troops to africa to help with ebolathey will come home infected? we have enough problems
a message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in tel aviv
big news budget just passed!
is your war with over with? who is danny zuker?
do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in iraq look bad or what? everybody wants their oil only made possible by us!
donald trump announcement $5 million for obama college records via
your chicago tower really sparked a riverwalk revival! thankyou thanks
make the boston killer talk before our doctors make him better once he is well he will say speak to my lawyers
dem senator schumer hated the iran deal made by president obama but now that i am involved he is ok with it tell that to israel chuck!
trump rally disrupter was once on clintons payroll
happy 102nd birthday to president ronald reagan every day that passes reagans presidency looks better and better
getting ready to leave for cincinnati in the great state of ohio to meet with obamacare victims and talk healthcare and also infrastructure!
same failing reporter who wrote discredited womens story last week wrote another terrible story on me today will never learn!
i am seriously considering dr ben carson as the head of hud ive gotten to know him wellhes a greatly talented person who loves people!
really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements thats where china and others are beating us best!
couldn’t sell its money losing aberdeen windfarm—so forced phony extension
they need to take the debate slow a lot of low energy on the stage tonight i hope not!
beginning today the united states of america gets back control of its borders full speech from today
via @ thescotsman “donald trump to lay out new golf course plan”
rt our optimism index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5 of 45 years of survey readings – and it was the 1st time in 3…
john kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with iran great dealmakers do not celebrate dealsthey just go on to the next one
meeting in singapore with north korea will hopefully be the start of something bigwe will soon see!
if you love your work the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment think big
my gram passed in nov i sorted through her books today and found all of yours gram knew how to pick them! thanks lauren!
hall of famer brings his a game in the 13th season of all star this time dennis is a star!
for president! your the only one who knows how to run this country trumpforpres success awesomeness
! congrats on your chef of the year nom in eater awards
on behalf of melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening president sergio mattarella…
twitlonger betawhen your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode americas military capability you cont
house leadership – establish select committee on benghazi there is a massive coverup
do the people of ohio know that john kasich is strongly in favor of common core! in other words education of your children from dc no way
buy american and hire american are the principles at the core of my agenda which is jobs jobs jobs! thank you
no bs donald if you run im in pa you will get my vote for sure
will be in novi michigan this friday at 5 00 pm join the movement! tickets available at
obama can kill americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in america!
how does get a conservative platform? she is a dummyjust look at her past
puerto rico governor ricardo rossello just stated the administration and the president every time weve spoken theyve delivered
if everything seems under control youre not going fast enough mario andretti
soon to be the greatest hotel in us dontrumpjr oldpostoffice
darn it! if only those criminals would follow the laws of gun legislation! 2a but they dont
the animal who beheaded the woman in oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty the same fate beheading?
my interview with and at airing at 5 pm on
not only does america need an adult in dc we need djt in 2016 thank you
crooked hillary clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! where are the 33000 missing emails?
after two days of very productive talks prime minister abe is heading back to japan l
great morning coffee and on this morning doesnt get much better than that foxandfriends
possible progress being made in talks with north korea for the first time in many years a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned the world is watching and waiting! may be false hope but the us is ready to go hard in either direction!
was great on tonight very smart commentary that will prove to be correct!
study your area of business all business involves risk but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what you’re doing
today i signed an executive order @ the us dept of review of designations under the antiquities act…
despite the hype wins the debate by a wide margin
rt will be interviewed on at 8 30 rt cnn hbo
riposcardelarenta one of the greatest fashion designers of all time
barclay a friend of mine and a wonderful guy didnt mean to be so nasty to he was just cont
by popular request i will also be tweeting live during the vice presidential debate thursday night it will be very interesting i promise
he would be the very best of what this country needs today!
looks like a very good world series game!
attorney general bill shuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan i am bringing back your jobs and bill will help!
your twitter banner is awesome cant wait for tomorrowtrump 2016
thank you costa mesa california! 31000 people tonight with thousands turned away i will be back! trump2016
rt “ tiger woods im working for donald trump!
the justice dept should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down travel ban before the supreme court and seek much tougher version!
via “donald trump sounds off on joan rivers death ‘i think the doctors made a terrible mistake’”
twitlonger betawe need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong timetogettough
trump signs bill undoing obama coal mining rule
rt loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher mannerthe internet is their main recruitment tool which we must…
donald trump i would be the jobs president
is really hurting she is boring predictable and has zero television it show no longer has ratings dying!
it doesnt matter who you vote forit matters who is counting the votes be careful of voter fraud!
maybe obama should donate my $5m to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the us came along and gave it a lifeline in the form of the iran deal $150 billion
keep the faith elect and there will be no more sanctuary cities and very few illegals
looking forward to the at trump doral next week 36310 can’t wait to meet the attendees wgcdoral
campaigning to win the electoral college is much more difficult and sophisticated than the popular vote hillary focused on the wrong states!
if donald becomes president he will do a whole lot more to protect us than hillary will gopdebate
i am running against the washington insiders just like i did in the republican primaries these are the people that have made us a mess!
ainsley earnhardt a truly great person just wrote a wonderful book “the light within me” which is doing really well she is very special and so is her new bookbring it to number one!
“our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known we have big hearts big brains and cont
no surprise! you are the man! thank you!
i want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need
my interview where i reveal the new cast of celebrity apprentice and discuss the gop primary field
donald trump speaks on 2016ers says jeb bush stumbling”
good luck to alice johnson have a wonderful life!
our nation was founded by farmers our independence was won by farmers and our continent was tamed by farmers our farmers always lead the way we are proud of them and we are delivering for them! nationalagricultureday
didnt don imus make that same mistake yes!
if i win the presidency my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike bushs appointee john roberts on obamacare
your candidacy would hit the gop like a wrecking ball! total game changer stay tuned!
i said that crooked hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement bernie said the same thing!
poll trump has more support in florida than rubio and bush combined
i still dont get how spent $400 million and lost all
check out a picture of the custom made trump bike that paul teutul sr presented to me today in trump tower
still thinks romney won! he doesnt have a clue!
donald trump opens up massive lead in national poll makeamericagreatagain wakeupamerica
the f35 program and cost is out of control billions of dollars can and will be saved on military and other purchases after january 20th
my interview discussing obama’s failed presidency ebola dc post office midterms and 2016
congratulations to david wright on signing a long term extension with the david is an exceptional player and person
this country is ready for a true leader and that leader is you! i agree!
awesome ill be watching kick some butt!
only 15 percent of voters said they would not back as the party’s standardbearer
thank her for me!
once again kills on the trump/ ticket in 2016! thanks!
congratulations to of face the nation on his highest ratings in 15 years 46 million people watched my interview! thank you!
watching get inducted from the sold out crowd wwehof
thanks tessa
great interview on letterman yes we r going to miss him!
happy birthday you are an amazing daughter!
trumptoday watch my appearance on the from this morning
every single real american needs to read crippledamerica ! beyond awesome i couldnt be more thrilled
tbt as a young man when i proposed the convention center in new york city
who would you rather have negotiating with iranpresident obama or toronto mayor ford? my money is on ford
obama’s goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off by over 910000 $100b of our money wasted!
my prediction of floyd is looking good!
if you run for president i will absolutely vote for you and so will my family/friends!~ great!
iran is playing with fire they dont appreciate how kind president obama was to them not me!
looking forward to a big rally in nashville tennessee tonight big crowd of great people expected will be fun!
that’s why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course” – trump 101
remembering your generosity to so many after superstormsandy thank you marlena
the $85b sequester is just 2 of obamas $35t record deficit spending budget our leaders are ruining our childrens future
thank you for your nice words this morning on it was a good night!
jon stewart is a total phony –he should cherish his past—not run from it
as president would surround himself with great people no more mediocrity true!
larry thank you and keep up the great work!
we love trumpforpresident and thankful
i am thrilled to nominate dr as our next secretary of the us dept of housing and urban develo pm ent…
thank you to the great crowd of supporters in newtown pennsylvania get out and vote on 11/8/16 lets maga! watch …
why doesn’t just endorse alreadyshould have done it before nh or nevada where he had a little sway too latenow!
refuted every point karl 16 rove made on the need to defund obamacaremust listen
we will always enforce our laws protect our borders and support our police! lesmharrisburg pennsylvania flashbackfriday ms13
uhm werent you one of the voices supporting bushs invasion of iraq? no
its thursday how many more bias press reports will be released against
wow it’s now official obamacare website has topped $1b will soon be up to $15b
thanks mark will be fun
why not take on the greatest challenge donald trump has ever faced making this country great again now thats a legacy!!
with over 260 5 star guest rooms and suites is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown toronto
today is national prescription drug take back day everyone can help fight the opioidepidemic by participating!
the 2013 course of the year trump nat’l bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022
mark it on your calendar comedy central roast march 15th at 10 30 pm for the roast of trump
paul manafort came into the campaign very late and was with us for a short period of time he represented ronald reagan bob dole and many others over the years but we should have been told that comey and the boys were doing a number on him and he wouldn’t have been hired!
the costa concordia shipwreck is a monument to stupidity but the uprighting of the ship is a monument to genius!
when it comes to money finance and even life protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself!
youre my hero!!!! im going into business because of you! im changing my name to donald! cute!
via “climate changing for global warming journalists” by lawrence solomon cont
trump now leads her by 2 get real she will lose big
great evening in san jose other than the thugs my supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not hostile
fantastic advice as always thanks
here i am with at maralago
i like michael douglas!
just in! 10/6/15 morning poll trump 18 trump 31 carson 13 rubio 10 bush 7 fiorina 6
thx for the good wishesyou are going to have a really big year!
my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice france we are with you in every way!
look everybody donaldtrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! trumptrain trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
marco cruz and ted rubio easy to get the two politicians confused looked like desperate panicked.c.nsiders tonight
thank you for your amazing leadership and inspirational talk in this valentines day
back by popular demand the record 13th season of ‘all star’ features the return of our fans will be happy
obviously!! weneedyou trump2016
this is the one year anniversary of my presidency and the democrats wanted to give me a nice present democratshutdown
see story in the scotsman re wind turbines
a few months ago neil young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal and called me last week to go to his concert wow!
as expected the media is very much against me their dishonesty is amazing but just like our big wins in the primaries we will win!
the heritage foundation has just stated that 64 of the trump agenda is already done faster than even ronald reagan “we’re blown away” said thomas binion of heritage president trump “is very active very conservative and very effective huge volume and spectrum of issues”
92 stories above north michigan avenue 5star rated rooms have the best views of chicago
now the campaign is fundraising off of me i should get a tax rebate!
americans elect on track to put an indy presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states
and this is why r kids are bullies horrible examples set by adults no excuses fire him
poll data shows that does by far the best in holding onto his senate seat in florida important to keep the majority run marco!
miss florida was great in her denial of miss pennsylvanias phoney statements she blows miss pennsylvania away a different league
@ rhobh and celebapprentice should be part of the emmys nominations! pure politics!
via by “donald trump headed to iowa says ebola is further proof of obamas incompetence”
top5 the 63rd miss universe should be usa thailand columbia spain jamaica missuniverse
elizabeth warren often referred to as pocahontas just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about crooked hillary who she always hated!
the protesters in new mexico were thugs who were flying the mexican flag the rally inside was big and beautiful but outside criminals!
bruce willis wearing my hat on last friday
my thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in somolia they are truly all heroes
some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said i was a big inspiration to them pls rt—out of kindness i retweeted maybe i’ll sue
jerry finkelstein passed away last nighta great new york mover and shaker and a really great guy!
rhetoric he would have become our next president
we have a massive trade deficit with germany plus they pay far less than they should on nato and military very bad for us this will change
i frequently sport your french cuffed shirts fit to a tee and always receive compliments very well done dtcollection thx
real unemployment is at over 21 businesses wont hire until is defeated in 2012 timetogettough
i think he would make a great president but not really sure hell run thank you and watch!
i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life great you will be very successful!
looking forward to seeing the world champion yankees today on opening day!
watch my speech at cpac in washington dc yesterday
looking forward to being hosted by for politics and eggs next tuesday see you in manchester! nhpolitics
great book just out by very successful businessman always known as somebody who knows how to win “capitalist comeback” will be a big hit!
only someone like you successful at so much deserves a shot to be president! we dont need another mediocre politician
the unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth we must start making our own products again timetogettough
check out hannity exclusive event with trump in phoenix az
if the people so violently shot down in paris had guns at least they would have had a fighting chance
mr trump even though im not a republican i wrote your name on my ballot during the election a wise move
everyone is telling me that is going to run against lightweight would win!
ru going to run ?????? watch!
good reason for a celebration
american exceptionalism and the navy yard shooting do not go hand in hand foreign countries in particular russia are mocking the us
dt for president! !!
congrats!! that is an amazing accomplishment!! well deserved toronto
godbless you mister
order my book crippled america for your holiday gifts i will be signing books for the next two weeks!
2012 is the most important election of my lifetime must be defeated
best looking building in chicago
crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump but i had 17 people to beat—she had one!
thanks heidi
john mccain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for veterans to successfully manage their lives
it is a disgrace that my full cabinet is still not in place the longest such delay in the history of our country obstruction by democrats!
“if you’re still in school pay attention education is a money machine” – think like a billionaire
we have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming syrian ‘rebels’ what is wrong with washington?!
the purposely covers me so inaccurately i want other nations to pay the us for our defense of them we are the suckersno more!
west coast get ready! truly delivers on two amazing hours of television tonight!
twitlonger betachina is our enemy its time we start acting like itand if we do our job corectly china will gain a whole cont
never give upkeep at it!
work hard
im a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary great!
i am making a big speech the night of the debate but i wish everyone well yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins!
house gop better get its act togetherdefund obamacare out negotiate on debt ceiling form commissions on benghazi and irs no excuses!
court finds in favor of trump university
of course she is the best! no one will ever be better than she 💗
nearly anything would be more effective than obama is the ideal candidate for this countrys restoration thx
just finished think like a billionaire again brilliant thanks
reading s think like a champion what a great and inspirational book thanks good luck!
the media can track down old girlfriend and marathon time but cant find college applications or other info
thanks bob it is one of the best and will only get betteri will be spending lots of money this summer!
sleepy eyes whenever you mention me unfairly i will likewise mention you
the big caravan of people from honduras now coming across mexico and heading to our “weak laws” border had better be stopped before it gets there cash cow nafta is in play as is foreign aid to honduras and the countries that allow this to happen congress must act now!
october has a 7 foreclosure increase last month is this economic recovery?
good luck to the us men’s national team in tomorrow’s concacaf cup vs mexico! it should be a great game!
getting the strong endorsement of the great coach bobby knight has been a highlight of my stay in indiana big speech tomorrow with bobby!
happy new year my president thank you
see what i have to say about iran and iraq in todays trumpvlog
“ who who who say it just say it celebapprentice” watch and see what happens!
obama opposes sanctions on iran they are laughing at kerry and obama!
it is a miracle how fast the las vegas metropolitan police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
how can the ny times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? so totally dishonest!
story will be released today at 12 noon est on twitter and facebook
have a great christmas youre a true inspiration thanks!
trump university had 98 approval ratingsbeats harvard nyu and other top universities
mr speaker bring the balanced budget amendment to the floor for a vote! lets get the ball rolling
should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack!
for information on trump university victory call alan garten esquire at 2128363203 or jeff goldman esquire at 2128674466
democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base they don’t want to do it but are powerless!
amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth!
our major airports are decaying its embarrassing we need to have them renovated by competent professionalsand fast
a great day in south carolina record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm this is now a movement to make america great again!
congratulations to our great womens olympic soccer team on their gold medal they made us all proud!
i never get y people hate so much?coz they r not as succesful as him? trump theapprentice thanks m!
hillary clinton failed all over the world ❌libya❌syria❌iran❌iraq❌asia pivot❌russian reset❌benghazi…
is one of the most successful businessman in america hes decisions are well thought out and he always has a plan
happy stpatricksday
trump lays out policies for first 100 days in white house
its night cant wait! great jeff a full two hours 9 pm on nbc
learn more about and some of our spectacular real estate in nyc
no matter what the occasion you always feel confident in a button down almostgraduating great good luck
72 of refugees admitted into us 2/3 2/11 during court breakdown are from 7 countries syria iraq somalia iran sudan libya and yemen
bill moyers is a good man1000 times better then you are he is a dummy!
watching you now great tv
a strong america creates opportunity and growth we just need to change washington let’s make america great again!
a real man who cares about his country only needs a few hours to sleep trump2016 workampprogress
rt “ we should not be importing the disease to our homeland” completely agree mr trump
are the commercials filmed at trump national la? yes
the reason for the plan negotiated between the republicans and democrats is that we need 60 votes in the senate which are not there! we
they only changed the term to climate change when the words global warming didnt work anymore come on people get smart!
has less tv persona than any other person i can think of he’s an arrogant crude dope who met some very stupid people
attention all hackers you are hacking everything else so please hack obamas college records destroyed? and check place of birth
yesterday china vp xi stressed the benefits of trade with china to congress we need fair trade with china!
while rallies noirandeal tomorrow will call china to ask for donations
with dr dror paley and dr ben carson with two wonderful children at maralago
via “americans agree with donald trump 58 percent want flights banned from ebola outbreak countries”
major article in new york times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in china and how it is rapidly growng! rest of world pays
what is ur favorite plane? boeing 757 and citation x
celebrity business man or politician? who cares youre damn good at all three
hillary clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as president
it is outrageous and disgusting that families of us military personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials sad!
thank you for all of the positive response on my chicago lawsuit victory yesterday most of you saw through the phony age card ploy
the upcoming allstar puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given we really pushed the envelope
why has obama let china and others take our jobs?
you copied incompetent incorrect story im sure you would like to apologize to me on show thank you for the courtesy
now michelle nunn will not admit she voted for obama of course she did nunn supports obamacare and is antisecond amendment
so funny crooked hillary called brexit so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the uk all talk no action!
just had a long and very good talk with president moon of south korea things are going very well time and location of meeting with north korea is being set also spoke to prime minister abe of japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations
i really like chelsea clintonan amazing young woman she got the best of both parents agrees
donald trump to mitt romney you’re fired via
owed to wall street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with food water and medical are top priorities and doing well fema
at the debate the president kept talking of what he is going to do i kept saying why didnt he do it? he lost me a long time ago
thanks laurafound out via your twitter!
i have accepted the invitation of president enrique pena nieto of mexico and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow
be sure to listen to my interview on tonight’s steve is a terrific guy!
sad sack has just done another ad on me with special interest money saying i wont beat hillary i will but he cant beat me
trump i want to make the country great again smart news
iran has warned the us not to send an aircraft carrier back into the strait of hormuz we should send three as a cont
here we go a healthcare worker who treated thomas duncan the man who flew into the us from west africa infected with ebola caught it!
on tonight at 7 pm est tune in!
see charles gasparino’s article in today’s nypost about eric schneiderman’s witch hunt against republicans
my vote remains for trump!
thanks craig!
scary obama and the democrat senate have accrued over $5t worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years 4 more years?
today i announced an air traffic control initiative to take american air travel into the future finally!➡️…
i have instructed homeland security to check people coming into our country very carefully the courts are making the job very difficult!
my 2016 vote will b based on makeamericagreatagain not eminent domain●americans need 2prioritize
was at a whole other level this saturday thank you for coming down sir! torontointernational
is making no attempt to help is he in buseyland? their team is short on help already… celebapprentice
the failing set liddle bob corker up by recording his conversation was made to sound a fool and thats what i am dealing with!
why is your season so rushed???
i hate what has happened to the once great
thank you for your support! together we can makeamericagreatagain! trump2016
another great evening at macleod house thank you
exclusive–donald trump obama totally outnegotiated by iran taliban virtually every country in the world
congrats to of for exposing jason linkins of as a lightweight dope who gives false information
thank you new hampshire! trump2016
pay attention to global news and develo pm entsin todays world that is a requirement not an elective
dont you know once upon a time was leading 2012 i would love to see you elected god pls
with our $250m in renovations offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection
how did snowden with not even a high school education get access to top secret us records he then gave or sold those recordstraitor!
getting ready to leave for michigan will be an amazing evening! see you there
mr trump why do you engage these dumb ass people? youre so much better then any of them! fun!
to fix america requires superman but there is one better djt we must make america great again!
you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades makeamericagreatagain
dear donald i love you success aftershave i love to walk out of the house with the confidence that i smell of trump
“arrests of ms13 members associates up 83 under trump”
the lunatics in congress banned the word ‘lunatic’ from congress last week busy doing the peoples’ work!
it is time to rebuild our country to bring back our jobs to restore our dreams and yes to put americafirst! ty o…
via “event offers glimpse of trump high life” by holly ivy dore great interview
van jones ‘there is a crack in the blue wall’ — it has to do with trade
continuous effort not strength or intelligence is the key to unlocking our potential winston churchill
assad will never give up his chemical weapons he has spent years and billions accumulating them this is all a ruse
i have decided that sections of the wall that california wants built now will not be built until the whole wall is approved big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed our country must have border security!
congratulations to for being named one of great destinations
opens private 757 jet to reporters
just read in the failing that i was not aware the event had to be held in cleveland a total lie these people are sick!
the only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is the primary is over
the new libyan government should turn over the lockerbie bombernow
agree 100
my induction last night at madison square garden into the wwe hall of fame was amazingi met some great people including bruno
understand that difficulties mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and lifebut always look for the opportunities
on that i would beat almost everyone!
the haters are just jelous because they are not successful like you the haters are losers with no guts!
spains government is closing down wind turbines the maintenance is higher than the income
rt hannity crushing msnbc at 9 good for him! check the no spin news on killing england a huge bests…
what doesobama know about the va or business nothing just look at the five billion dollar obamacare website we need a real leader!
once the isis thug who beheaded foley is identified 100 he should be bunker busted to hell
russians are playing and for such fools funny to watch they dont have a clue! totally gets it!
nah he’ll get old but he’ll age like fine wine wow nice!
“the trumps pay tribute to the late via
thank you for the kind words tonight you were great! see you soon!
is very bad at math she was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and cruz in the new monmouth poll 41to14
rt for individuals and families the final tax cuts and jobs act ✔lowers individual taxes✔nearly doubles the standard deducti…
lincoln never sounded like that!
doesn’t need instructions couch time is more fun celebapprentice
obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today more riots sure to follow
i said this was happening long ago i will stop this immediately!
my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the southeastern united states stay safe!
you should run for president genius trump2016 thanks!
nonhunters dont get it the hunting community raises over $2billion dollars annually for conservation googleit
thank you for your support of my candidacy! maga imwithyou
the failing has disgraced the media world gotten me wrong for two solid years change libel laws?
watching tonights new episode! feels this 1 will be good like all the rest
obamacare story of the day “florida cancer patient loses insurance during treatment b/c of obamacare”
obama is without question the worst ever president i predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
rt our president is choosing to put american jobs american consumers american energy and american industry first
dopey i never filed for bankruptcy
also the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals be smart!
just named general hr mcmaster national security advisor
how much is south korea paying the us for protection against north korea???? nothing!
marco rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with chris wallace concerning our invading iraqhe was as clueless as jeb
trump int hotel and tower vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting and beautiful tower
watch the clip from where the crowd cheers after i explain that my offer is about transparency
what advice do you have for an inspiring entrepreneur? come up with a great idea and then work your ass off
rt he’s done more in 9 months then obama did in8 yrs
poll winner of last nights debate by wide margin 45 v12 10
it will be the countrys finest resort!
had a meeting with the terrific of indiana so excited to campaign in his wonderful state!
phony rubio commercial i could have settled but wont out of principle! see student surveys
it was a great day for the united states of america! this is a great plan that is a repeal and replace of obamacare…
trump “if i decide to run and win i will make this country great again fitn
ford is moving jobs from michigan to mexico again! as president this will stop on day one! jobs will stay here
great to be back in arizona! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at us taxpayers washington needs to get tough and fight for w… cont
well said
please run for president
thank you for a great day yesterday rhode island! votetrump
entrepreneurs set the example and youll be a magnet for the right people great leaders determine the teams they assemble
was president obama in charge of this years academy awards they remind me of the obamacare website! oscars
my first time in chicago walking along the river and this was my view absolutely stunning hotel! thx
success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm winston churchill
was the brother of john podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on russia lifted? did hillary know?
are you actually going to go for 2016 elections? if so you have my support! thank you!
1 i will vote for you
again the story that there was collusion between the russians and trump campaign was fabricated by dems as an excuse for losing the election
the long anticipated release of the jfkfiles will take place tomorrow so interesting!
watch the clip from my c21 super bowl spot on tonight
if the us attacks syria and hits the wrong targets killing civilians there will be worldwide hell to pay stay away and fix broken us
congrats to the senate for taking the first step to repealobamacare now its onto the house!
i cant wait for the tomorrow!!!!! thanks mike
derek jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in trump world tower
mr trump you are the epitomy of class thanks
an incredibly strong interview of good response ic those naysayers dissapating!
our politically correct country will read the isis terrorists who beheaded the reporter their miranda rights prior to good food and care!
i am a student myself i cannot believe that obama has doubled the interest rate on student loans trump for president!
go mr trump were pulling for you
join me live from the
not only are wind farms disgusting looking but even worse they are bad for peoples health cont
i hope everyone enjoyed palm sunday!
i hope you run for president too
when a country is no longer able to say who can and who cannot come in and out especially for reasons of safety ampsecurity big trouble!
int on how the boston thug deserves death penalty great work and firing brande roderick
release known dangerous criminals into communities across the state all citizens have the right to be protected by federal law and strong borders
looks like opec is at it again with record amounts of oil all over the place including the fully loaded ships at sea oil prices are artificially very high! no good and will not be accepted!
you wedding at trump national was one of the most beautiful i have ever seen more importantly an amazing couple!
re kerry admitting to “working” for pastor abedini’s releasewhy has us already released iranian spies and nuclear scientist? dumb!
the is doing amazing work helping the children
give them hell don! theyre just jealous! stupid is an even better word
lightweight senator kirsten gillibrand a total flunky for chuck schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago and would do anything for them is now in the ring fighting against trump very disloyal to bill and crookedused!
disgusting supporters are launching an antimormon whisper campaign shameful but no surprise
thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews much appreciated
hope and change millions are losing their healthcare plans and obamacare is taking cancer patients’ doctors away
rt 2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life i wish you peace joy love and laughter happy new…
trumps the man of 2016!
good advice from my mother trust in god and be true to yourself mary trump
fantastic job by a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination! amazing
ellen you should get rid of andy lassner the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent good try last night!
your sign on chicago tower looks awesome! thanks
if you like to work hard you will attract people with the same ethic think like a billionaire
we need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians you would be a breath of fresh air gop
crooked hillary clinton got brexit wrong i said leave will win she has no sense of markets and such bad judgement only a question of time
i will defeat isis they have been around too long! what has our leadership been doing? draintheswamp
could this be my newest apprentice? enter the contest
a great victory in scotland
dopey i never went bankrupt
ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from china a one stroke penalty for slow play at the masterssee i can stick up for china
rt ttonight the 2nd and 3rd eps of the apprentice are on at 8 and 9 great ratings last night 18 49 fun!
very proud of our incredible first lady she is a truly great representative for our country!
limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of $184 or more get yours today!
itd be a good thing for usa if be potus in 2016
donald trump said that before the virus made it to us thats what i do!
there is no longer a bernie sanders political revolution he is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figurewants it all to end!
trump you are great you speak your mind and should continue to do so
someone just wrote that “you predicted every single major event that’s now happening—and they knock you instead of giving you credit”
very excited for and wedding this weekend
be sure to watch the apprentice tonight 10 pm on nbcits an episode you wont forget!
hillary clinton architect of failure draintheswamp crookedhillary
people are pouring into washington in record numbers bikers for trump are on their way it will be a great thursday friday and saturday!
great afternoon in ohio and a great evening in pennsylvania departing now see you tomorrow virginia!
hope and change! china now controls a record number of our debt
and stay at the fantastic trump international hotel las vegas
luther strange has been shooting up in the alabama polls since my endorsement finish the job vote today for big luther
much respect for tonight celebrityapprentice
there is great unity in my campaign perhaps greater than ever before i want to thank everyone for your tremendous support beat crooked h!
thank you very much
gas prices have doubled under obama over $5/gallon now in california we must start drilling from our own resources to become independent
between iraq war monger dummy deadpan highly overrated among others not fair!
i love twitter its like owning your own news paper without the losses
only trump can unite america and fix obamas mistakes!!! trump2016
steve jobs is spinning in his grave apple has lost both vision and momentum must move fast to get magic back!
china is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade they stole the technology from us
i know about the “rustic” look on golf courses—but see photo of highly rated trump national philadelphia—a real gem
arod’s appeal will go nowhere he will get a long suspension good for the and sends strong message to players
“no government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size so governments programs once launched never disappear” – ronald reagan
has increased the epa budget by over 150 the epa is an impediment to both growth and jobs it sends jobs overseas
i never seen apprentice or shark tank am i a fat loser? no just a loser!
i firmly believe that is the most superior troll on the whole of twitter that is alla great compliment!
the new celebrityapprentice starts january 4th please dont make us wait that long again
the five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master cont
unbelievable crowd in dallas!
i did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a republicaneasily won the electoral college! now tax returns are brought up again?
the new reality – china’s demand for oil now controls the market and opec gets away with ripping us off at $105!
mobile alabama today at 3 00 pm last rally of the year thank you alabama and the south biggest of all crowds expected see you there!
will be leaving trump turnberry tomorrowplace and womens british open are great will be back hitting hard tomorrow
hey youre the man trump fight the fight
i dont know putin have no deals in russia and the haters are going crazy yet obama can make a deal with iran 1in terror no problem!
realize that an entrepreneurs most important gift to the world is jobs security and wellbeing for others midas touch
youre one of the truly great competitiors i’ve said it for years great going winning not surprised!
on 18 to 21 age limits watching court cases and rulings before acting states are making this decision things are moving rapidly on this but not much political support to put it mildly
may the festival of lights bring our jewish friends from around the world health and happiness! happy hanukkah!
mr trump played your bedminister course today best country club in us baller many agree thanks!
we need a president who doesnt take any crap from anybody!!! trumpforpresident
geraldo may be crazy enough to do whatever it takes
7th floor provides the most urbane feel in las vegas w/private airconditioned cabanas and a massive 110 ft heated pool
join me live at 9 00 pm jointaddress
arizona polls for democrats only say they would prefer donald trump over hillary clinton 60
i loved being at liberty university today! record setting crowd unbelievable people! thank you jerry and becki!
so now that matt lauer is gone when will the fake news practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil griffin? and will they terminate low ratings joe scarborough based on the “unsolved mystery” that took place in florida years ago? investigate!
with all that is happening with ebola including the doctor who so easily came back to new york obama still refuses to stop the flights!
on this wonderful veterans day i want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire american nation to our great veterans thank you!
i hear by demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it
your dad for sure has a son to be proud ofwe all are so nice thanks!
does anyone else have two golf pros—john nieporte and jim herman—who qualified for the us open? could this be an alltime record?
a diamond and green star diamond award winner is the nation’s top public course
am sooo glad that joan r will still be on ca as im sure all of her fans are thank you for honoring her this way
just watched cookie roberts on her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility just another sad case
not to mention that theres a whole lot of people who never got asked me included!!! trump2016 cute
entrepreneurs ask yourself what can i provide that does not yet exist? be open to new ideas be innovative!
the electric power grid in puerto rico is totally shot large numbers of generators are now on island food and water on site
conquests how brave he was and it was all a lie he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child now he judges collusion?
rt obamaclinton failed foreign policy bad nuclear dealransom payment to leading state sponsor of terrorsharing classifie…
you service is absolutely terrible get on the ball!
today obama will give another speech on the economy tomorrow our country will still be $17t in debt with 18 real unemployment
was great last night in dc playing for 147 diplomats and ambassadors from countries around the world thanks alabama!
“courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway” john wayne
thank u 4 outstanding service and attention 2 detail 4 the cowan/martin wedding on fri
america first!
the panels are so one sided almost all against trump is so much better and the ratings are much higher dont watch cnn!
as long as we can stay strong and give our support hes the leader
class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the dnc convention he is charging $1 million for a single suite
omg for president please
via thomas jefferson donald trump share love of grapes in virginia
according to many and while nominated i would have won the emmy many times except for my politics
certain internet sites are like a bad epidemic that wont go awayothers are terrific
rt happythanksgiving from and soldiers serving with task force marauder in afghanistan 🦃 https…
celebapprentice what do you think of the new teams/ pm s?
please run for president and announce it in nh! we need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up! true!
i echo these wordsrun for the presidency!
i hope is recuperating well in la get better!
herman cain handled the pressure of the debate really well
donald trump rips media for scott walker investigation why didn’t they go to obama’s schools?
theyre not trump haters theyre spoon fed morons
dopey sugar your net worth doesnt even qualify you to host the apprentice keep making me money
jeff zucker failed and he is now failing
i cant believe how low cnn can go obviously a bunch of killary fans only says negativebad reporters
a ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the american sailor is the best in the world ussgeraldrford
derek jeters baseball and more in todays trumpvlog
will you still be on this hour have been watching but nothing yet yes 7 30
american cancer society and the dana farber cancer center
rosie odonnell has failed again her ratings were abysmal and oprah cancelled her on friday night when will cont
there are lots of really good lawyers in the country he could have picked somebody else!” and i wish i did!
hillarys two official favors to morocco resulted in $28 million for clinton foundation draintheswamp
you are next president usa make america great again!
vote for a no bs president and lets make america the greatest country again
the us has appealed ro russia not to intervene in ukraine russia tells us they will not become involved and then laughs loudly!
obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public he cant
you will love celebrity apprentice tonight 9 pm on nbc must watch from beginning two early firings!
i know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better job if you were the president of the united states instead of obama! true
of course theyre going up! trump is going to win this!! trump2016 thanks
staying at your vegas tower very nice! thanks
has the absolutely worst antitrump talking heads on his show dopey writer obrian knows nothing about me or my wealth a waste!
i fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong
surprise used my name big league in preads to promote the show—then talked about everyone else but me!
new polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is fake and almost always negative would still beat hillary in
blatant and rampant property destruction in baltimore as the police stand by and watch should be a lesson on how not to handle riots sad!
thank you for naming the 1 golf course in miami
wow is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting good news bad dishonest journalists!
just saw photos of sign at night looks really nice chronic complainers moan about everything ignore them thanks!
ronald reagan was an actor and look at what a great job he did
putting pelosi/schumer liberal puppet jones into office in alabama would hurt our great republican agenda of low on taxes tough on crime strong on military and bordersamp so much more look at your 401k’s since election highest stock market ever! jobs are roaring back!
via “trump doubled down and it worked”
i just finished reading your book think like a champion great stuff positive thoughts positive actions thank you
we’ve just set a new goal raise $4 million from our grassroots supporters by midnight!
re hiring contractors remember the cheapest isnt always the best their work may have to be redone and they may not be reliable
you r the most honest and real person on twitter twitter was invented for trump! thanks very nice!
chelsea clinton will be very successful in the world of politics shes always been a great persona winner cont
just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril if something happens blame him and court system people pouring in bad!
they put u on so early! shows disrespect! no 700 is the best time for morning television
secretary kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting isis they are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader!
eric we are all with you and your family! look forward to seeing you back on tv
jeb bush “i am a conservative” barack obama “if you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan”
as a democrat i have to say since hillary is the frontrunner i will choose trump
third rate took every negative tweet or response they could find and put it outwhen in fact the response is incredibly positive
“the president deserves some answers” in discussing “spygate”
celebrity apprentice returns to nbc sunday 3/14 911 pm et/pt outstanding list of celebrities season should be the best one yet!
obama’s war on women “number of unemployed women increased in july by 227000”
why did the obama administration start an investigation into the trump campaign with zero proof of wrongdoing long before the election in november? wanted to discredit so crooked h would win unprecedented bigger than watergate! plus obama did nothing about russian meddling
you are being attacked from all sides yet you have the peoples hearts just be calm and trust yourself we love you
wow good competition!
the truth about romneyhe didnt want the presidency bad enough! he choked!
the witch hunt finds no collusion with russia so now they’re looking at the rest of the world oh’ great!
a real businessman would lower taxes and remove some 3000 restrictions on businesses go donald!!
“success breeds success the best way to impress people is through results” – think like a billionaire
these are facts in 2001 the us opened its markets to china and since then more than 2 million americans cant cont
we have just begun!
justice ginsburg of the us supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me her mind is shot resign!
saw you on tonight go trump!
i think americans know that you would be a great presidentno possibility for the others thanks!
rev wright called on tape a liar why isnt this being looked into? it would be a great commercial for the republicans
safe to say that is the biggest stud on the planet gop trumpforpresident
reporters say its the trump bumpi tell cnbc i am buying stocks and the market goes up
receiving the algemeiner liberty awarda great honor
incompetence now the norm nytimes is an example need competent leader as role model trump2016
only interested in sales and could care less about america veterans and military will be with trump
just run!
nobody beats me on national security
why are we fighting for the rebels that hate usonly to save face for obama!
jay carney wont answer reporters questions of why obama wont release his college transcripts come on jay!
hahaha is killing it with the oscars tweet
under a magnifying glass they have zero tapes of t people colluding there is no collusion and no obstruction i should be given apology!
wow ny observer story about really exposes him as a sleazebag and crook he’s bad for new york
thank you for your nice words on fox today they never use my full statements on nuclear which you would agree with!
thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life
your family is beautiful this is the 1st season that i have watched celebrityapprentice gosh i hope leeza wins!
with president obama its all talk and no action our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in new hampshire and his numbers have gone down people from nh are smart!
now obama is having our army coordinate with iran against isis what’s next?
“problems setbacks mistakes and losses are all part of life we shouldnt be shocked if and when they happen” – think like a champion
released documents late last friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellin… cont
i will thanks!
lightweight is spending a fortune of special interest against me in sc false advertising desperate and sad!
obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war againstisis! why isnt china and russia helping they gain so much!
if i become the next potus they will not be ignoring! americafirst
congratulations to bernie marcus and herman cain on the truthtour2012all employers need to check this out!
because of fake news my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job as seen here they are all doing a great job!
my interview discussing my friend whitney houston cpac speechthe economy and primary
makeamericagreatagain imwithyou
donaldtrump never thought much of carl make america great again trump for president 2016
we will continue to follow develo pm ents in charlottesville and will provide whatever assistance is needed we are ready willing and able
great progress on healthcare improvements being made republicans coming together!
governor cuomo is right about one thing attorney general eric schneiderman does wear eyeliner! what the hell is up with him?
if president obama was going to attack syria he should’ve done it a long time ago as a surprise and not after cont
great! good luck
loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher mannerthe internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off and use better!
nows the time 4 christians to get out the vote big time to save christianity once and 4 all trump
cast will be announced tomorrow at 7 30am et on the with
you called it about 4 years ago about the spoils of war its all coming true now so true!
announce your presidential campaign tonight we need a leader! trump4pres
donald trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled
the basketball coach at rutgers looks bad but i had a coach who made him look like a baby coaches can be tough!
heading back to washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest fake news reporting i have ever seen!
i just had an amazing day in mumbai india building an almost 80 story building super luxury which is doing great! press is going wild
donaldkeep pushingthe nation needs a real leader
after witnessing first hand the horror and devastation caused by hurricane harveymy heart goes out even more so to the great people of texas!
overall this is the best dressed cast ever! 👗👔👚👢 rhoa
remember our brave men and women who have fallen protecting our country this memorial day!
ties r awesome! thanks!
has continually degraded catholic church on the joke he calls a show catholics should boycott hbo
thanks
i miss you all and thanks for all of your support political correctness is killing our country weakness
thank you delaware county ohio! remember either we win this election or we are going to lose this country!…
think about it whens the last time a prez actually did what he said? trump does what he says will be greatest prez ever
just got to nyc whats ur best tip to enjoy this amazing city? go to trump tower 57th and 5th avenue
chuck jones who is president of united steelworkers 1999 has done a terrible job representing workers no wonder companies flee country!
the chinese are now hacking white house computers why not? they already own the place
the united nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together talk and have a good time so sad!
just leaving dc had great meetings with republicans in the house and senate very interesting day! these are people who love our country!
my interview with w/ destroyed all sunday competition w/ 252m total viewers…that’s why they want me on!
actually milo mr trump felt kate has a good shot at winning donaldtrump was very complimentary about kate
youre awesome in that boardroom great back to back episodes tonight!
since you are in russia go kick snowden in the ass
trump pummels his opponents and the press sunherald thank you!
well the special elections are over and those that want to make america great again are 5 and o! all the fake news all the money spent 0
just did final purchase on fabulous in ireland will become trump international hotel and golf links ireland very exciting!
we must bring the truth directly to hardworking americans who want to take our country back bigleaguetruth…
for the middle class the house and senate should consider asap as the process of final approval moves along push biggest tax cuts ever
this show is gold!!!! celebrityapprentice
golf at donald trumps place is always a good idea
heading to billy graham funeral a special man!
i just love the way ann coulter remembers your acts of kindness donald trumpgo trump we love you
via “donald trump rory mcilroy and matt kuchar are guys to watch at
people like lawyer elizabeth beck and failed writer harry hurt and others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!
it is that time of the year the trump wollman skating rink is open to the public in central park the greatest ice rink in the country
economy growing! excluding hurricane effects cea estimates that real gdp growth would have been 39 in q3stock market at a new high unemployment at a low we are winning and tax cuts will shift our economy into high gear!
mark levins the liberty amendments restoring the american republic is a truly great and important book
i just arrived in barcelona i make a big speech tomorrow and then off to ireland and scotland
rt being unpredictable is a big asset north korea knew exactly what president obama was going to do
best layout ive ever played! thanks david so nice
rt to obama $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records election2012
congratulations don that was a great interview
our country needs leadership now there is total dysfunction in washington
one day id shake hands with my business and leadership mentor work hard and good luck!
ok gotta go youre not going anywhere danny youre being beaten so badly that you cant take it anymoreenjoy your chair!
voted thanks
what did you think of my decision? celebapprentice
tonights shows are fantastic! love this season
catch me on fox news right now my interview with neil cavuto
continues to defend the billions it pissed away on ‘green energy’ failures your money was wasted
thank you!mitchell fox2 michigan poll finds trump holds 31 lead over closest gop opponents trump 47 clinton 43
millions protesting in egypt for morsi’s ouster when will obama demand morsi’s resignation as he did to mubarak
why is not running this country??? he is a genius and gets it
hate and bill maher love ya donald lets buy some property together great deals here in fla thanks
rt pm benjamin netanyahu at weekly cabinet meeting in two weeks israel will host trump on his first trip as president…
the wh is functioning perfectly focused on healthcare tax cuts/reform and many other things i have very little time for watching tv
working hard from new jersey while white house goes through long planned renovation going to new york next week for more meetings
we have to bring back and cherish the middle class once the backbone and true strength of the usa it can happen!
tell this knitwit the ppl want not him or his choice for president! thts why trump has 40
rt we are already live in everett wa for the trump rally come join us our cameras tonight! trumpineverett
as hard as it is to believe sexting pervert anthony weiner is leading in some polls for mayor of nyc
it needs to be done donald these republican gop candidates just do not pass mustard trump2016!!!! true!
repubs must not allow pres obama to subvert the constitution of the us for his own benefit and because he is unable to negotiate w/ congress
further proof that gang of eight member marco rubio is weak on illegal immigration is paul singers mr amnesty endorsementrubs cant win
entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respectsthey look beyond the present keep that in mind when looking for opportunities
it snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in new york city it is still october so much for global warming
will be cutting ribbon at 10 am with mayor bloomberg and jack nicklaus for the opening of trump links at ferry point
ill be on on the record tonight at 7 pm
what proof do u have donaldtrump did not suffer from millions of fraud votes? journalist? do your job!
rt graph historic 13 million primary votes compared to every gop nominee since 1908
thank you albany new york! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
china is very much the economic lifeline to north korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the north korean problem they will
replay of fox news sunday with chris wallace at 2 00 pm on big statement made by chris!
to everyone including all haters and losers happy new year work hard be smart and always remember winning takes care of everything!
our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens enough! join me and on at la waterfront to hear my plan for vets and the military!
robert bryce on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines and how destructive they are windmills are a disaster
btw the miss usa pageant was the highest rated nonsports telecast on the big 4 networks congrats to our newly crowned
geraldo makes me laugh i love him
thank you michigan! trump2016
wow did you just hear bill clintons statement on how bad obamacare is hillary not happy as i have been saying repeal and replace!
great show this season celebrityapprentice
knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth we better start getting tough in this countryand they want to take our guns!
jordan is great!
palin on 2016 i think it would come down to cruz and trump! getty
be tough be smart be personable but dont take things personally thats good business
the entire country is freezing we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming and fast! ice caps size reaches all time high
has turned the usa into a laughing stock around the world
im not a friend nor an enemy just an admirer! merry christmas to you! you also thanks!
cnn poll just out on south carolina – great ’s
looks like the us will be having the coldest march since 1996global warming anyone?????????
any real housewife
i love the lakers and when you love the lakers you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly dr jerry buss
i have great confidence in king salman and the crown prince of saudi arabia they know exactly what they are doing
be a cautious optimist call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks
never in ushistory has anyone lied or defrauded voters like senator richard blumenthal he told stories about his vietnam battles and
how did you keep your hair looking good over the decades? wow one of the few nice comments about my hair!
“you miss 100 of the shots you dont take” wayne gretzky
youre rightdoesnt fit my image
not only would you be an amazing president you would be the only one that can give america its balls back!
twitlonger betathe chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft cont
entrepreneurs you have to have passion if you love your work success will follow
happy memorial day! those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today best economy in decades lowest unemployment numbers for blacks and hispanics ever and women in 18years rebuilding our military and so much more nice!
will smith did a great job by smacking the guy reporter who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event cont
i always said that had to keep fighting the charges by stopping he gave his enemies an opening
“get in get it done get it done right get out” – my father fred c trump
i do what i do out of pure enjoyment hopefully nobody does it better theres a beauty to making a great deal its my canvas
i know a lot but one thing i know is that i dont know everything ~ donald trump
america wants donald trump! tv heads still refuse to embrace that reality! media are liars
when will washington stand up to china china is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs washington should move on legislation
“if we get tough and make the hard choices we can make america a rich nation—and respected—once again” – time to get tough
we need a great leader now!
“success is getting what you want happiness is wanting what you get” dale carnegie
the wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will never be fixed the way it should be! buildthewall
biggest motivation and thee best role models ever! bill is a terrific guy!
i love it when you are on letterman you keep him on his toes hope you are on his show again soon i will be!
sen hillary clinton voted for the war
i just love thank you
you definitely have my vote!👍🏻
i have just responded!
how many people would vote for donaldtrump if he ran? i would if you can make in new york you can make it anywhere newyorkny
“take calculated risks that is quite different from being rash” george s patton
queens10k funfact former queens residents include martin scorsese and nancy reagan! great place!
a big poll will be announced this morning on face the nation i wonder if i do well if the press will report the results? doubt it
thank you readers choice trump intl hotel las vegas has been nominated by 10 best for best petfriendly hotel
heading to beautiful west virginia to be with great members of the republican party will be planning infrastructure and discussing immigration and daca not easy when we have no support from the democrats not one dem voted for our tax cut bill! need more republicans in ‘18
phyllis schlafly trump is last hope for america
this is the size crowd you get when people care what you say trump in oklahoma got even bigger
thank you to brandon judd of the national border patrol council for his strong statement on that we very badly need the wall must also end loophole of “catch and release” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border now for safety and security reasons
what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all we should be given credit for taking this risk
no surprise displayed russian ships in tribute to vets did they mean to honor the russians?
i just had a great victory against lightweight ag eric schneiderman most of his case re trump u was thrown out or gutted little remains
on this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that bin ladens last sight was a navy seal pulling the trigger
republican senators are working very hard to get there with no help from the democrats not easy! perhaps just let ocare crash and burn!
crooked hillary clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the usag to work out a deal the system is totally rigged and corrupt!
congratulations to and all emergency first responders and doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday
what a year it’s been and were just getting started together we are making america great again! happy new year!!
why franklin graham says donald trump is right about stopping muslim immigration
president obama was able to fool the americans by getting elected but not able to fool vladimir putin too bad for us!
721 fifth avenue one of the most visually striking skyscrapers ever built the original trump tower
disputes my statementbut watch chrysler move jobs to china after the election
icymi pence i ran a state that worked kaine ran a state that failed
you are my inspirationyou are true legendand i wish i had same fate like you!!! you are doing well
they asked me to dress as santa claus to open miss universe tonight—i’m thinking about it!
robust economic growth is the answer to the medicare problemnot cuts on the elderly
tweetdeckthe architect is directly responsible for losing both houses becoming president ignore him
great column by david bossie at “a battle won but the war continues to defund obamacare”
6 psychiatrists all from harvard trump on verge of genius perry average or below iqcant absorb data fast
fantastic to meet yesterday and be lucky enough to play his truly awesome course in aberdeen itmustbenumberone
the donald looking good in the red tie on david letterman votered 2016
i am at the uswomensopen an amateur player is coleading for the first time in many decades very exciting!
any and all weather events are used by the global warming hoaxsters to justify higher taxes to save our planet! they dont believe it $$$$!
way to go for the big donation to the vauction thanks
how do you have time to tweet everyone when your so busy? when i like people i find time!
weeklyaddress🇺🇸➡️
so brings in michaelmoore to add credibility in her fight with fox news rogerailes
very good!
america needs to listen to what trump is saying trumpforchange thanks!
we love you donald trump because we know you are the only one to makeamericagreatagain thanks
itd be humorous to cull tweets from experts over past few mos who have predicted trumps immediate collapse
heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the midwest coming in from our southern border we need strong border and wall!
under president obama do you think america will become a third world country?
true and thanks
big show tonight on 9 00 pm on
just out was in first place in all demos during the 10 pm hour in the ratings
i enjoy meeting tourists in trumptower people travel from across the world to see the fivelevel atrium and waterfall
i cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states i was so happy! i really adore you mr trump so much
must read via by “congress should vote no on syria”
i dont get the whole thing with seth meyers either kinda bland
good morning mr trump just heard you on el presidente holder sharpton have set race back 30 years
mr trump america needs you be the reagan to obamas carter please run for president in 2016
alex rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons he will miss half of next season really bad deal for
obamacares tax credit is underperforming by over 95 creating an even bigger cost to the debt it must be repealed!
liberal rag is done
a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum! trump2016 iaforums
re omarosa nasty tough or smartor all?
great job on tonight we are all proud of you! also congrats on a great son he is going places
mitt romney who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of republican politics is now pushing me on tax returns dope!
cant wait for tourney next march always good to have you on with before big tournament
who handed iraq over to iran yesterday? we have gotten nothing from the iraqis we should have them pay us back with oil
thr coverage about me in the and the gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its
someone just asked me who is my favorite donald trump impersonator?
make an appearance we would love to host you at the usc entrepreneurshipclub thanks!
i am wearing a trump tie today it is by far my favorite tie great at macys!
indeed she was mrt she also looks like she was beautiful person as well great moms matter they shape who wer thank you
american sanctions alone cannot stop irans nuclear driveand cannot get china and russia to agree on new iranian sanctions
thank youwork hard and good luck
this war with is halarious keeps roasting her she starts i finish!
please make this country great again and help secure our borders mr trump youre our last hope trump2016
i know you will do great things for the usa!
we are having very productive talks with north korea about reinstating the summit which if it does happen will likely remain in singapore on the same date june 12th and if necessary will be extended beyond that date
super excited to watch tomorrow night on makeamericagreatagain
its tough work reading all those speeches from a teleprompter real leaders lead like you donald!! please run !! thank you
did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our president explaining what when and where to congress about a syrian attack far too late!
everything mr trump touches turns to gold what a great negotiator! !!!!! thanks
just finished two major speeches in south carolina big crowds great people going for a third now!
the haters and losers that assume i was a nonathlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my pastunlike our presidentopen book
dems are taking forever to approve my people including ambassadors they are nothing but obstructionists! want approvals
your a genius sir trumpforpresident
heard you on 770 today you should run forreal
democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with republicans on healthcaretax cutssecurity obstruction doesnt work!
is everything ok over there i actually got some good press from them today
i was never a big fan of bushhe gave us obama
once again msm is dishonest schlonged is not vulgar when i said hillary got schlonged that meant beaten badly
one day i will shake hands with the man who inspired me to dream and become big! great going janie!
thank you for your support last night iowa! votetrump trump2016 iacaucus fitn iapolitics
love you trump! make america great again!
loved you on need to hear your brackets on a daily basis great thank you
dont worry when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made we will start doing the right things
british pm cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted and environment destroying scottish windmills
old post office building in dc will be a worldclass trump property honored to be doing this historic buildingwashington will be proud
“ may have been a good ‘community organizer’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker” timetogettough
a commander in chief has to possess the right instincts thats one of the biggest problems with cont
industrial turbines are destroying our land
some people look up to athletes some its musicians for me its mr trump thanks cory!
marco rubio cant even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the us finances trump
mr trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! obama is destroying the us!
looking forward to meeting the students of urbandale high school tomorrow
via by “trump on 2016 run i would selffund appoint wall street experts”
“there is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option” dean smith
andy williams has died he was a friend of mine and a great guy
success tip be ready for problems and be patientthere are very few cases of instant gratification
passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in pennsylvania so sad! makeamericagreatagain
kim jong un talked about denuclearization with the south korean representatives not just a freeze also no missile testing by north korea during this period of time great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached meeting being planned!
thanks terry
thank you anthony the entrepreneurs case for trump
mr trump classact you are a one of an kind classic! trumpforpresident thanks!
look snowden is bad done tremendous damage to our country and standing but we have far worse in our government guess who?
my thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in south carolina thank you to our incredible first responders for the work they’ve done!
merry christmas! hope you and your beautiful family have a fantastic day thank you
mr you are an example of how to do what he wants thank you
were ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the buckeye state trump2016 teamtrump
trump is the only candidate that ive ever been excited about somethingspecialishappening
wrong made a lot of money in atlantic cityand most kids do blow their inheritance or do nothing with itlook at stats
hillary says this election is about judgment shes right her judgement has killed thousands unleashed isis and wrecked the economy
new national poll released thank you america! trump2016
happy birthday to one of the most entertaining and smartest men alive thanks
we are getting rid of all glenfiddich garbage alcohol from trump properties
the donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term true
just caught up on the celeb apprentice and im hooked gerlado is a maniac and i love it and you
i find myself more and more drawn to cnn for fairness regarding the fox news sunday pundits a joke!
why would republican candidates want the support of mitt romney he lost an election against obama that should never have been lost!
i will be on tonight on at 8 pm and 11 pm
look awesome in home alone 2 lost new york you look great in the movie today in
which magazine went bust under carter and as i predicted!
looking forward to the apprentice tonight show is still going strong !!!! enjoy it linda!
fun!
dopey who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and picks said last week on that biden was in
thank you to general motors and walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the us!
how come the and show the new poll for hillary vs bernie but do not show the same poll where i am killing cruz?
is right watergate is much different than benghazi no one died in watergate
celebrityapprentice two hour live show on monday night will determine who will become the winner of celebrity apprenticefull cast returns
rt hes a fascist so not unusual
we deserve all the answers on benghazi!
donald trump retains national lead in new abc news /wapo poll with 37
i am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship and to strengthening americas longstanding support for…
crooked hillary makes history! imwithyou americafirst
all safe in orange county north carolina with you all the way will never forget now we have to win proud of you all!
youre up at 5 am and youre awake at 1am how do you have so much energy? seriously!? good genes!
ford to scrap mexico plant invest in michigan due to trump policies
why do baseball players slide headfirst? are they just like not smart? great point and also thank you peter!
good messaging and staying on point called antiinvestment antibusiness antijobs
yes please please run for president and please please make your running mate please
the trump spa is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms
happy birthday to the united states air force!!
a wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it i am for the people and the people are for me trump2016
mrtrump you said that you would run for president if nation got worse it is real sad now
leaving for new york city and meetings on military purchases and trade
doing a great job in new hampshire today ! makeamericagreatagain
i will
via by “trump says he is serious about 2016 bid is hiring staff and delaying tv gig”
obama better than last time but again wins good night debate
photo jonathanaldridge and donaldtrump 1 show 1 golf course
arriving at joint base andrews with and
the nypost reports magazine dropped 18 to only 283938 news stand copies sold very sad and their bloggers are doing even worse!
according to bill oreilly 80 of all the shootings in new york city are blacksif you add hispanics that figure goes to 98 1 white
when is celebrity apprentice returning? love that show and you! in the fall thanks!
hard to believe obstructionists may vote against mike pompeo for secretary of state the dems will not approve hundreds of good people including the ambassador to germany they are maxing out the time on approval process for all never happened before need more republicans!
donald trump will be on pennsylvania avenue in 2016 and there’s nothing you can do about it by
jobless claims rose yet again last week economic record is abysmalwe can do much better
the real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by intelligence like candy very unamerican!
thanks for the quotes todaya month away of starting my own business helpful good luck
of course attacked birthers in praising speech chris has completely lost it
congratulations to mk on being offered deputy defense minister of idf by
dave brubeck was great and will be missed!
the president has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5m for his favorite charity looking like he wont be doing it what is he hiding?
canada has treated our agricultural business and farmers very poorly for a very long period of time highly restrictive on trade! they must open their markets and take down their trade barriers! they report a really high surplus on trade with us do timber and lumber in us?
karen handles opponent in ga06 cant even vote in the district he wants to represent
state senator shirley huntley ratted on black politicians and was believedwhen she ratted on nobody listened racism!
rt trump 15 on cruz in 2 weeks cruz may look back and ask why he ever attacked trump dt has killed him ever since
rt love our
i think the first female president of the usa will be a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady!
preach !!! u killed it on ! nflestadepinga
how incompetent are our leaders allowing these ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed!
it’s time for to enter all time hits leader has paid the price
the perfect getaway is europes most elite 5star destination perfected with oldworld luxury
i will make this right for our great vets!
always leave your ego at the door during negotiations remember it’s only business and there will always be another day!
give a lot of credit to carlos beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the cardinalsgreat going carlos!
costs on nonmilitary lines will never come down if we do not elect more republicans in the 2018 election and beyond this bill is a big victory for our military but much waste in order to get dem votes fortunately daca not included in this bill negotiations to start now!
not very presidential dannyyoure a total loser! perhaps but 100 true!
tea party takes down eric cantor really big win!
we need you elected tomorrow!
my interview w/ re and my $200m of future renovations invested in trump
our country needs you to run for president and save our country make us great again!!!!
“we build too many walls and not enough bridges” isaac newton
dopeybig success and great for scotland!
it is my great honor to host
trump4president!
thoughts and prayers with the sailors of uss fitzgerald and their families thank you to our japanese allies for th…
us is a laughingstock obama has no clue what hes doing
have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? would you like to see it?
if more people thought like the world would be a better place trumpforpresident2016 thanks!
does anyone actually read rolling stone anymore? guess they had to create cont
will be delivering a major speech tonight live on at 8 10 pm from pensacola florida
my biggest hero will forever be trump2016 thank you
congratulation to jane timken on her major upset victory in becoming the ohio republican party chair jane is a loyal trump supporter and star
new look for blue monster signature golf course is more challenging and fan friendlier
in five minutes!
enough about my ties etc but they are doing really big numbers people love them and loves trump!
rumor has it that is going out of business losing too much money great news ! likewise dopey mort zuckermans
stop congratulating obama for killing bin laden the navy seals killed bin laden debate
while the pres of iran tweets sweet nothings to obama he forbids the iranians to use twitter very revealing
just returned from mississippi a great evening
this is the cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone a misdemeanor at minimum
would treat this country like a business and make us all prosper but with heart!
the wh yesterday defended bidens comments that the taliban arent our enemy when did the american people decide this?
i want you mr trump as the president well wed better get someone fastthe us is going downfast
if you don’t treat yourself like royalty no one else will is honolulus most luxurious hotel
also there is no collusion!
you are so right i only trust trump to be tough on immigration
via by and disavowed by gop leaders trump has supporters cheering
so true! just a business tool used by the best! ask carl warren etc
whats the best advice to be successful in business? have passion for your work then focus and never give up
the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success trump2016 thank you
yesterday the christmas tree arrived at rockefeller plaza an iconic event for new york!
know how u can tell trump is successful? almost half the accounts he follows are businesses w/ his name in them interesting!
why is it o makes absolutely no sense while donald trump makes perfect sense!!!
there is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country this was a big part of my campaign study the world!
watch this video of my wonderful golf club in beautiful colts necknj
i had a fantastic time with at the grand opening of the great watch the video
wow one of the alltime greats in fashion oscar de la renta has just died at 82 great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy!
not sure what the fuss is about i think the sign looks great! thanks
oh my gosh that is so sexist just confirmed those pageants are solely for looks isnt that terrible!
thank you sarahlets have pizza in new york soon with you and your great family
benghazi is just another hillary clinton failure it justnever seems to work the way its supposed to with clinton
elections have consequences obama just published “final regulations for obamacare’s individual mandate” enjoy!
“if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it” “i was born in hawaii”
thank you for your support! being politicallycorrect will not makeamericagreatagain!
taking a helicopter to new hampshire boarding now amazing activity planned new umass poll very nice!
watched saturday night live hit job on metime to retire the boring and unfunny show alec baldwin portrayal stinks media rigging election!
cnn said you supported sterling but then when they showed the quote i thought no he doesnt! cnn lied!
happy birthday to us army and our soldiers thank you for your bravery sacrifices and dedication proud to be your commanderinchief!
counting down the days to june 16 why? knows why
is better than in a lot of ways plus donald has 2million more followers than zuker
the boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of all star premieres march 3rd on
small crowds at today in atlanta people were very angry at ewerickson a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money
looks like a lawsuit against goangelo won’t work—my ties and shirts doing too well at macy’shes actually helping i have no damages!
thank you to for naming trump international golf links scotland 1 gbampi best modern course a great honor!
i am in new hampshire just received great news from reuters poll thank you for your support!
this will be one of the biggest and most beautiful miss universe events ever
looking forward to greeting the hostages no longer at 2 00 am
check out the trump fabulous world of golf site to meet the fazio familymaster golf course designers
it will really be amazing when complete
it’s clear that donald trump was not even talking about a muslim database!
have your own vision and stick with it dont be afraid to be uniqueevery day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level
great new poll thank you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
via by “trump im the only one who can beat hillary”
i refuse to vote for anybody but trump in the next presidential election he is the only man that can lead this corrupted country
negotiation think about what the other side wants know where they’re coming from dont underestimate them create a win/win situation
sleepy eyes when looking at my financial filings should’ve said “great job mr trump sir”
after decades of lies and scandal crooked hillarys corruption is closing in draintheswamp!
crooked hillary clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great enablers!
very proud of trump intl golf links in aberdeen scotland just got the five star award from
thanks paul
rt nevada we are on our way! votetrumpnv trump2016caucus locator
ive tried watching it a few times and think it is one of the dumbest shows ever! how can it win awards?
it’s thursday how much has opec ripped us off today?
and back on my tv! im a happy gal ❤️😍
medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving bad for long term
couldnt agree more about seth meyers he wss not meant for television very sad!
trumpvlog why are we the sad suckers?
great evening last night in new hampshire got the endorsement from the new england police union big territory great people! thank you
celebrityapprentice tonight
you know we are desperate so time to announce trumpforpresident foxandfriends
with our record debt and trillion $ deficits our $ is now at an alltime low against the chinese yuan time for our govt to work together
looks much calmer and obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward
heading over to the to meet with ambassador and all of her great representatives! usa🇺🇸
leaving for new hampshire now making a speech—packed house love it!
sadly its worthless!
great honor rev jerry falwell jr of liberty university one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation has just endorsed me!
a tough negotiator can make the chinese back off weve done it before timetogettough
allegations made by senator jon tester against admiral/doctor ron jackson are proving false the secret service is unable to confirm in fact they deny any of the phony democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful jackson family tester should resign the
join me live from the via periscope
big changes in 2016? you better be running for presidency! trump2016 trumpforpresident
make sure you realize that this ‘deal’ is only a stop gap measureobama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation
many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! makeamericagreatagain trumptrain
reptrey gowdy “i don’t think so i think what the president is doing is expressing frustration that attorney general sessions should have shared these reasons for recusal before he took the job not afterward if i were the president and i picked someone to be the country’s
is not above the law! debates2016
via “ pageant coming to in 2015”
its good to see that is protecting the sanctity of this novembers elections voter fraud must be broken
please save america! the country has over $18 trillion in debt!
while continues to defend obamacare in the courts he is also granting companies waivers eve… cont
hasnt worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of us negotiators sorry but only one thing will work!
finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!!
the left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truthrealitykeep saying it like it is !!!!
she is a fabulous woman!
the nyc casting call for the apprentice is thisthursday april 1 at trump tower for all the information you need go to nbccom/casting
the apprentice is a great show! never tired watching it! thank you
all 50 of the worlds top 50 players will be at trump national doral on thursday sunday for the cadillac world golf championship
my interview on and my surprising tv career
just leaving las vegas unbelievable crowd! many hispanics who love me and i love them!
i love love donald trump! thanks!
being in detroit today was wonderful quick stop in ohio to meet with some of our great supporters just got back home!
amazing work trump! i believe you will do the same for our country
thank you texas! if you havent registered to vote today is your last day go to and get ou…
rt rice ordered spy docs on trump?
obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess as it inevitably will timetogettough
why has nobody asked kaine about the horrible views emanated on wikileaks about catholics? media in the tank for clinton but trump will win!
we know theyre fake just like poles during primary im sure u will crush crookedhillary in general
jealous you got a magnificant course like doonbeg on the most beautiful island in the world fact
trump locks down delaware gop delegates trump2016 maga
rt we must reform our tax code so that all americans can succeed in our modern economy and achieve the american dream! taxrefo…
tell it like it is sir dont pull any punches keep up the good work i will thanks!
thanks hailey you sound great!
a win is a victory for our country chris is a constitutional conservative wholl make a difference in washington
timetogettough making america 1 againmy new bookavailable today the book both china and opec do not want you to read
should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined
make sure to grab your copy of this months detailing the trump effect
asktrump
thank you green bay wisconsin! governor and i will be back soon trumppence16 maga
i was with you in tyngsboro ma last night! you will be our next president!!! what a fantastic evening!
i believe thats you!! youll have my familys vote should you run!!
my bestselling book from last april think like a champion is now available in paperback its inspiring entertaining and a great read
jeb is spending millions of dollars on “hit” ads funded by lobbyists and special interests bad system
i am in new hampshire having a great time! loved the gopdebate last night! everybody enjoy the super bowl superbowlsunday sb50
great art by on doc river’s annual golf charity event doc is a great friend!
yes!!!!!!!! celebapprentice mostintelligentrealityshow
rt duck dynasty star phil robertson says hell back trump for president via
i think u should run for president all small business here in memphis the closing down because of tax
dennis rodman is a project manager tonight on celebrity apprentice watch dennis in full action!
the republicans must be patient and smart obamacare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible!
now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is worth it b/c our idiot president will give them what they want
these companies are able to move between all 50 states with no tax or tariff being charged please be forewarned prior to making a very
trump shuts down cuomo i am not getting out i am going to win cuomo tries sleazy tricks epic fail unprofessional
celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc some amazing things happen!
let’s get out of afghanistan our troops are being killed by the afghanis we train and we waste billions there nonsense! rebuild the usa
obama told medvedev after the ’12 reelect he would “have more flexibility” it was music to putin’s ears
trump keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate youre pissing off all the right people in the gop
the only way anybodys gonna beat trump is being better than he is~ on
wishing everyone a happy healthy and prosperous new year!
reading the midas touch now what an amazing source of good information thanks
speaker john boehner who i like should never have agreed to raise taxes because the republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
the best interview thus farkeep it up trump! donald trump enough with the nice! via
donald why don’t you go out to nevada and cut a deal for clivebundy? no one is a better deal maker than you go do it! true!
obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching then he plays golf fundraises and grants amnesty to illegals
hillary clinton is taking the day off again she needs the rest sleep well hillary see you at the debate!
although i cannot speak for them i think you made your family proudgreat job! thanks deanna!
i want to see ! he has the best hair in the biz you know! his wife is amazing too!
the important thing is not to stop questioning curiosity has its own reason for existing albert einstein
the white house never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night important meetings taking place today big tax cuts and reform
i had amazing time in charlotte great people and many new friends i look forward to coming back very soon congrats to gavin and staff
i have always liked ellen done her show numerous times but she was not good last night fumbling and stumbling!
interesting article by “why rove and stevens are plain wrong”
we need a tax system that is fair to working families and that encourages companies to stay in america grow in america and hire in america🇺🇸
he wants record high gas pricesdrilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime
my interview discussing obamas sotu roves attack on the tea party and allstar
thank you to everyone in little rock arkansas tonight! a record crowd of 12k trump2016
would be the greatest president of all time
justice roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from cont
mark sanford just won his house seat back so maybe jodi can run against hillary in 2016
thanks nick
my interview with discussing my endorsement of and why he can beat
a great honor from somebody that knows how to win!
do you think crooked hillary will finally close the deal? if she cant win kentucky she should drop out of race system rigged!
great new ad from next yearpresident in jerusalem the capital of israel
my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county arkansas lesm
hope youve enjoyed your time at turnberry the surrounding towns will benefit too ! high 5 for the investment thank you
had a tiny 300 person crowd at senator tim scotts forum i had thousands and they had real passion!
remember this the worst doctors by far are celebrity doctors if you see their names or read about them in the news papers stay away!
very cool thanks
wish he would just resign he is hurting america now other parts of the world obama is a disaster
via by donald trump scolds republicans toughen up
we need your knowledge and sensibility to restore this country to its former glory and respect
how will anybody beat isis besides trump they have never made a deal with another country trump beats everyone all the time
hello mr president! im a big fan of your work mate and the show celebrityapprentice
you have a cunty demeanor true!
sorry folks but if i would have relied on the fake news of cnn nbc abc cbs washpost or nytimes i would have had zero chance winning wh
i won every debate so far according to all debate polls including and more too bad dopey lies!
whens celebrity apprentice starting? just finished shooting in the fall
take the time to make it great
shame on you macys whatever happened to freedom of speech cancelingmycard
loving the new trump sign going up in chicago! thank you!
“power player of the week” interview with chris wallace
are you in aberdeen just now? how is the course looking? fantastic!
wow the failing has not reported properly on crookeds fbi release they are at the back of the pack no longer a credible source
for president 2k16
get better fast im starting to miss you!
not easy!
the acclaimed soars 92 stories high you’re either staying in or in its shadow
we are suffering through the worst longterm unemployment in the last 70 years i want change crooked hillary clinton does not
“i’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year i just don’t see the evidencein terms of the collusion it’s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have” jonathan turley on
a wonderful place
the dc press corps is obsessed with my speech which is scheduled tomorrow 8 45am in the potomac ballroom cant blame them
cruz came to mississippi there was nobody there he left the state i had a rally in madison ms with 10000! thank you!
i will be interviewed by tonight on at 10 pm
mrtrump if you dont run i will honestly consider moving out of the country without your leadership we are in big trouble
you deserve it! your a true entrepreneur! thanks
itll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote donaldtrump
who do you like of the final two? celebapprentice
looking forward to hosting the “house majority 2014 golf tournament” at trump intl west palm beach on jan 27th
wishing everyone a safe and happy halloween! halloween2017
i cant wait for to beat ted cruz down in a debate trump2016
turns out was wrong had nothing to do with it
my scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the worlda great honor for me
always pretend that you’re working for yourself you’ll do a wonderful job it’s simple but it works
hes a str8 foward guy and does things the way its needed to be done
i enjoyed this season! youve done it again!
so nice thanks!
im hearing trumpnationaldoral course looks spectacular! miami is waitin for you!
i kinda like the tattoo you got check it out guys! dopey i dont have tattoos!
chinese oil trader just bought “record number” of mideast crude china gains while we fight isis what are we doing?
if doesnt run in 2016 the country is screwed i agree!
rt i spoke to a group of influential ca gopers tonight long time activists bundlers influencers support f…
this is what thinks that america would be better off if we acted more like european socialist cont
thanks kari
crooked hillary clinton is 100 owned by her donors imwithyou maga
on behalf of all americans i want to wish jewish families many blessings in the new year
is a class act! celebrityapprentice
esquire is irrelevant mo one reads it anymore and no one cares true!
ok write me
this may be the best tweet in the history of twitters existence you are too kind!
will be on fox and friends at 700 this morning enjoy!
i want to see you represent we the people who want our country back you will be the shining star at august 4th debate!
over the past 11 months i have travelled tens of thousands of miles to visit 13 countries i have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere i traveled it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the american people!
is really not liking the oscars he tells it the way it is which would be a nice in a president trump2016
heading to new hampshire will be talking about hillary saying her brain short circuited and other things!
go miss philippines!!
is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night $6000000 raised in one hour for our vets
why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the countrys oil? what do we get out of this?
🇺🇸i am a woman and i just voted for nebraskaprimary trump2016 trumpforpresident
lettermans ratings were off the roof was it the trump effect?? yes!
i truly hope trump runs ! it would be simply fantastic ! do it dt do it plz
1/2 of new california driver’s licenses go to undocumented immigrants read the sac bee july 17th go getem trump!
watch video of ivanka trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on gma
my choice just finished a great interview on cnn pathetic questions from cuomo but trump cleared the air
thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the trump tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of sandy my honor
never seen such republican anger and unity as i have concerning the lack of investigation on clinton made fake dossier now $12000000?
thanks tom
congratulations to miss mexico jimena navarrete our new miss universe 2010 and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show
many ideas some good and some not so good emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the white house background checks a big part of conversation gun free zones are proven targets of killers after many years a bill should emerge respect 2nd amendment!
the weak illegal immigration policies of the obama admin allowed bad ms 13 gangs to form in cities across us we are removing them fast!
i will be doing tonight at 8 00 pm e from mesa arizona will be talking about the gopdebate and more
i am in virginia presidential forum with dr pat robertson beginning now! watch here
go team trump!
trump the players in this presidential race trump2016
this whole russia probe is rigged just an excuse as to why the dems and crooked hillary lost the election and states that haven’t been lost in decades 13 angry democrats and all dems if you include the people who worked for obama for 8 years spygate and conflicts of interest!
great to see that dr kelli ward is running against flake jeff flake who is weak on borders crime and a nonfactor in senate hes toxic!
cracking day at trump international links scotland yesterday what a place to play golf! loved it
vote for trump trump2016
mika brzezinski dem criticism of comey reinforcing idea ‘there’s something there
happy cincodemayo! the best taco bowls are made in trump tower grill i love hispanics!
the purpose of china’s massive military buildup on the nork’s border is to intimidate us china attacked us during the korean war
wow the is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the trump phenomena
the solyndra scandal $500million photo op he loves wasting our money
my interview yesterday with
very cool thank you
never ceases to amaze trump is the intl brand that never settles for less than the best thanks
visited today
ratings for nfl football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
filming for season 13 is now into the 2nd week the allstar cast is already hard at work
to all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign we must beat crooked hillary
your opponents cant compete against the ratings machine that you are thanks very nice!
wonder who gets fired hmmm
after these spirited primaries are over must be fully united for november if we take the senate we stop obama’s agenda
my interview with explaining why mitt should not apologize
where are and obamacare
over 35 cia operatives were on the ground in benghazi the night of the 911 attack still a phony scandal?
via trump winery president nominated for award by wine enthusiast magazine congrats
urgent we’ve just announced a $2 million fundraising goal tonight please stand with us!
absolutely all the american people need is a leader to rise up donaldtrump
dummy graydon carter doesnt like me too muchgreat news he is a real loser!
wish your mother a happy birthday
serious voter fraud in virginia new hampshire and california so why isnt the media reporting on this? serious bias big problem!
when i say i would end obamacare i would also come up with a plan that would be far better much easier to understand and cost less!
signature restaurant has set the standard for today’s modern steakhouse
whenever one of the morons say i wear a wig stop reading because they have no credibility and just hate
what do i have to do to get u to run for president byeobama just hang in there!
our founders invoked our creator four times in the declaration of independence our currency declares “in god we trust” and we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the pledge of allegiance and proclaim that we are “one nation under god” nationalprayerbreakfast
you are doing a great job the world is watching! be safe
donald trump for potusjust saw you on gretas showyou give me hope for the futuregod bless!!!
wow matt lauer was just fired from nbc for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace” but when will the top executives at nbc and comcast be fired for putting out so much fake news check out andy lack’s past!
toyota and mazda to build a new $16b plant here in the usa and create 4k new american jobs a great investment in american manufacturing!
what the hell is going on with global warming the planet is freezing the ice is building and the gw scientists are stucka total con job
you have to find a business that you love thats number one success requires passion then keep your focus and never give up
hillary clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election
if jp morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years nobody would be suing them—easy target
ill be on on the record tonight to talk about the obamacare fiasco7 pm on fox news
rt if you live in louisiana maine kentucky or kansas remember to vote today! together lets makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸 htt…
who is rooting for obama more tonighthis campaign advisors or the press?
why do you think youre so polarizing? because i like to beit often times brings out the truth!
very nice question thank you danny
know when to walk away from the table the art of the deal
amazon usa time to get tough making america 1 again by donald trump celebrityapprentice
many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning background i for one wont be
i believe donald trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the republican party trump16 i do also!
i know you hear this endlessly but you would definitely have my vote should you run in 2016 muchrespect
love what you do!
i never did give anybody hell i just told the truth and they thought it was hell harry s truman
“ entrepreneurs see yourself as victorious look at the solution not the problem”
great seeing and kimberly at this evenings vp dinner! godblesstheusa
president obamas arab spring is not looking so good right now!
1984 cover of gq magazine one of my main idols i look up to!!…
make it special! no better place to celebrate st patricks day in the windy city than
great meeting at the this morning!
if you have any doubt that must be defeated see 2016 obamas america amazing film!
vattenfall the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in aberdeen scotland just took a loss of $46 billion after dumb european move
fake news critics are working overtime but were getting great marks from the people that truly matter! prstrong🇵🇷
please thank charles lane for his new found confidence he has made a very good bet!
i would vote as president!
thank you for all your support of great new breakthroughs fantastic!
i absolutely support kate’s law—in honor of the beautiful kate steinle who was gunned down in sf by an illegal immigrant
i have an open door policy for my employees im accessible because i like to know whats going on the midas touch
the dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the great wall for sake of speed will be paid back by mexico later!
i love personality
the pittsburgh post gazette just endorsed rick saccone for congress he will be much better for steel and business very strong on experience and what our country needs lamb will always vote for pelosi and demswill raise taxes weak on crime and border
rt emails show washington post new york times reporters unenthusiastic about covering clintonlynch meeting
fake news cnn is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony russian stories ratings way down!
a very good nbc/wall street journal poll was just released wherein i went up from last month and am in the lead nice!
my joint int on with recapping and discussing the 2016 election
how trump won over a bar full of undecideds and democrats
great column by on karl rove is done
mariano rivera is one of top of all time greatest closer of all time a true warrior last nights mvp award welldeserved
so nice thank you very much
do you ever sleep? i see timelines from you at 35am? not much!
thank you very kind!
kris great place enjoy!
dont reward mitt romney who let us all down in the last presidential race by voting for kasich who voted for nafta open borders etc
now the chinese are planning a war game w/ the iranianssyrians and russians along syrian coast laughing at
thank you! americafirst
awarded both fivestar and ratings is fantastic
thank you diamond and silk!
rt because of the $700 and $716 billion dollars gotten to rebuild our military many jobs are created and our military is a…
i have been saying for weeks for president obama to stop the flights from west africa so simple but he refused a total incompetent!
thank you for the wonderful welcome davos2018
‎in anticipation of obamacare parttime jobs are surging and fulltime jobs are falling and becoming scarce
busy day planned in new york will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
the press is going out of their way to convince people that i do not like or respect women when they know that it is just the opposite!
an unbelievable night in iowa with our great veterans! we raised $600000000 while the politicians talked! gopdebate
the art of the dealthe best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have cut cap and balance
our incompetent secretary of state hillary clinton was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars in cash to iran scandal!
peyton manning should have passed on 3rd down!
with only a very small majority the republicans in the house and senate need more victories next year since dems totally obstruct no votes!
a state legislator w/ a true record of accomplishments military vet will make a tremendous us senator iowa send joni to dc!
mainstream media in us is being mocked all over the world they’ve gone crazy!
fbi must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service fbi or dallaspolice
yes i won the right to have my name taken off trump plaza in ac because it was not operated up to a very high standard and no involvement
great interview tuesday past with jim gardner must be a breath of fresh air speaking with such a well respected journalist
unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force and have stopped looking for worknot a real recovery phony numbers
wow great new poll new york! thank you for your support! trump2016 newyorkvalues
joan was a great woman always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on celebrity apprentice!
very good speech by under great pressuredems should be proud!
follow for all the updates on my new hampshire political activities looking forward to returning to the granite state on may 14!
interesting that criticized me but just paid $650000 in fines for racial profiling are they racists?
“even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate” think like a billionaire
celebapprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager?
rt thank you new hampshire! 🇺🇸
why didnt correct jeb when he said has run 4 president 2x b4~jeb needs 2b corrected b/c he lied
jerry great pick you will have a really good season!
via by “donald trump last thing we need is another bush”
you must promise that you will never cheat off manti te’o’s test papers
id vote for thank you!
i find reading your tweets get me in the right mind set for trading it is proving invaluable so thank you great thx
my successful acquisition of the kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools
a total witch hunt!!!
my interview last night with
at least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in iowa and not on book tours trump 2016!
we have many problems in our house country! and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay make america great again!
rt the last thing this country needs is another bush! or another clinton
loved having in town over the weekend for missusa a beautiful city filled with beautiful girls thanks
if victorious republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful rose garden of the white house immediately after vote!
great piece by on my visit to for and politics and eggs
thanks allison!
the thing thats so wonderful about most people would act just like him if they were billionaires true
in las vegas doing a sales seminar staying at the trump hotel awesome place to stay!
must run and must win! 2016
thank you america! together we will all makeamericagreatagain! trump2016
trump int’l palm beach offers an award winning par 72 championship measuring 7326 yards floridas top course
i like hilary clinton she is very admirable but is our nations answer thanks
people of ohio are fantastic thank you so much what an evening!
thanks bryon
less than ten days until i keynote leadership summit tix going fast
you have to run for president in 2016 and save this country! please savethiscountry
i was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the mediaim not surprised youre a special person
is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest here moyers coddles
hey what is your view on george bush? he got us into iraq instead of making america great again not good!
you have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone else albert einstein
“rubio’s gang of 8 bill would have rewarded sanctuary cities harboring illegals” marco is a politicianhe flip flops!
time we had a real president who gets things done cheers to the jfk of the 21st century! trump2016 cute!
admitting she’s a threat in the boardroom that’s not revelation knowledge celebapprentice
sending a warm welcome to the trump family who landed in enjoy your stay in clare thank you
usss did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage he has ties to isis should be in jail!
on purpleheartday💜i thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this great nation! usa🇺🇸
finallypunta del este will have its own trump tower! missed this year and hope to see you in the opening!
entrepreneurs having a product requires something very importantyou have to think about the market do your due diligence
you should run for president of usa!
glad to see romneycare/obamacare architect gruber being eviscerated on the hill today he should return all taxpayer money he was paid
best president during your lifetime? reagan
president andrew jackson who died 16 years before the civil war started saw it coming and was angry would never have let it happen!
both and china have embraced ows all want the decline of america time for the protesters to go home
karen handels opponent in ga06 cant even vote in the district he wants to represent
attack walker on common core state grassroots not happy with him on cc inaction
despite your coming to my office to give me an award your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard not smart!
yeah! bring on/down the gauntlet
this assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of and celebapprentice
thank you washington! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
now obamas campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term more like $12t in new debt if he wins
trump2016 epic things will be done! he will make the changes that we need!
ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneurs thank you!
signing a recent tax return isnt this ridiculous?
we are making america great again!
join me at 11 00am watch here
wheres the transparency? despite obamas denial stands by report he just talked with jeremiah wright
i cant believe that mitt romney would run for president again he had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race
the worst employee in todays trumpvlog
the only reason most viewers will be watching the republicandebate tonight
the nfl image is really tarnished! now if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down the nfl will be in big trouble boring games!
presidency two of my children don and eric plus executives will manage them no new deals will be done during my terms in office
i never quit trying i never felt that i didnt have a chance to win arnold palmer
but he will get it!
trump2016 trumpinstagram
votetrump at clerks offices and 185 ballot drop boxes in orprimary!closes at 8 pm !
tbt with the cast of goodfellas
congratulations to my son eric for making the forbes 30 under 30 list hes done a great job!
club for growth tried to extort $1000000 from me when i said no they went hostile with negative ads disgraceful!
one of the reasons i assume i was inducted into the hall of fame is that vince mcmahon and i have the all time highest ratings
yet more evidence of a mediarigged election
i told everybody the oscars were no good—nielsen ratings confirmed one of the lowest ratings in history
i know it has been many years since our country made great deals but isnt it about time we start right now make america great again!
is a failed jeb bushy never says anything good and never will even after i beat hillary shouldnt be on the air!
thank you richmond virginia! trump2016
caught red handed very disappointed that china is allowing oil to go into north korea there will never be a friendly solution to the north korea problem if this continues to happen!
report out that obama campaign paid $972000 to fusion gps the firm also got $12400000 really? from dnc nobody knows who okd!
thank you florida ohio and pennsylvania! crookedhillary is not qualified imwithyou
we will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as hurricaneharvey makes landfall america is w/ you!
trump is right about violent crime it’s on the rise in major cities
happy birthday to the man we need to lead us in the future trump2016 thank you
no better way to spend my monday evening than watching celebrity apprentice
lets makeamericagreatagain maryland! votetrump
i have long stated that brian williams was not a very smart guy all you have to do is look at his past now he has proven me correct!
not even close but that doesnt matter!
that sounds greata bad woman
anthony—did you illegally take clips from the letterman show and without their approval?
tv show which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air is constantly asking me to go on i tell them no
will be doing tonight at 8 pm enjoy!
“show me someone without an ego and ill show you a loser” ―
it’s time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! we can get it done let’s make america great again!
the new course at trump international scotland will be a par72 layout with five sets of tees ranging from 7540 yards to 5630
will be interviewed on by coming up at 6 00ame from davos switzerland enjoy! wef18
we love you mr trump thank you!
the republican party has to be smart and strong if it wants to win in november cant allow lightweights to set up a spoiler indie candidate!
thanks rose
keep punching donald! trump it!! trump is telling the truth!
jerry falwell of liberty university was fantastic on the fake news should listen to what he had to say thanks jerry!
why cant the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again i will make it strong and great! jobs!
yeah true but hey he would be a good president
you rting these is the equivalent to bands tweeting good reviews do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back? no never!
i love how my kids know who is but have no clue who our pm is so what if were canadian nothingwrongwiththat
thank you nevada! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
it’s time to make america great again let’s do this! trump2016
i think it was terrible that tim cook of apple apologized to china what the hell is he apologizing for? steve jobs wouldn’t
the white house correspondents’ dinner is dead as we know it this was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great country and all that it stands for fake news is alive and well and beautifully represented on saturday night!
congrats on a huge nv victory let’s make a one term president onetermfund
we must protect our country and our workers our steel industry is in bad shape if you don’t have steel you don’t have a country!
poll numbers have nosedived for pervert nyc mayoral candidate anthony weiner good news for new york!
our country must get very strong and very tough and fast before it is too late we have zero leadership and never win! we want victory
dems warn not to underestimate trumps potential win
wow i have always liked the but they have really lied when they covered me in iowa packed house standing o best speech! sad
join me live in cincinnati ohio! trumprally maga
is begging the eurozone to keep greece in until after 11612 he thinks the world revolves around his reelection
thanks deanna
congratulations john!
unbelievable evening in new hampshire thank you! flying to grand rapids michigan now watch nh rally here …
the quality is the best a
entrepreneurs don’t ever think you’ve done it all already or that you’ve done your best you havent so dont limit yourself!
why does us doping agency destroy an american icon for events that took place years ago in france?
would take this country in the right direction usa trumpforpresident
cant wait to see on cashinin tomorrow morning
be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of here
teamtrump you need to show the crowds at the rallies use periscope! show hcs 139 yt viewers vs dt 38k
great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance samuel johnson
i agree u would think that with all of that oil money they would create their own fighting force
rasmussen just came out at 51 approval despite the fake news media they were one of the three most accurate on election day just about the most inaccurate were cnn and abc news /washington post and they haven’t changed get new pollsters much of the media is a scam!
a wonderful afternoon in iowa! great people! heading now to florida tomorrow south carolina! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
i do not yet who i will vote for but can assure you it will not be rubio
cant wait to see how phonegate plays out celebapprentice
heading to miami to watch the all the way from australia !!! cant wait 😘
many political pundits are using the term art of the deal they should thank me that is my term and book title
the miami heat is getting its ass kicked they better start playing or it will be a long summer for them
“the recusal of jeff sessions was an unforced betrayal of the president of the united states” joe digenova former us attorney
good morning ohio! some additional information from my daughter votetrump supertuesday
so obama used to tell classmates that he was kenyan royalty and an indonesian prince sounds like his book bio!
good luck on your real estate test you will be the biggest star of all!
in my opinion you are the best human being ever! i like that betterthank you!
entrepreneurs realize that persistence can go a long way being stubborn is often an attribute
obama is going to take away over 90m americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting iran keep its nukes just think about that
fake news media had me calling immigrants or illegal immigrants “animals” wrong! they were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories i referred to ms 13 gang members as “animals” a big difference and so true fake news got it purposely wrong as usual!
join me in indianapolis indiana tomorrow at 3 pm ! trump2016 makeamericagreatagaintickets
boy 6 is really into and getting re so i call him trump jr nicely! hope you dont mind! my honor
“success isnt permanent and failure isnt fatal” – mike ditka
you were great on last night thanks for the nice words make america great again!
please run id like someone with a back bone and can make decisions in office remember what you said!
i believe that president obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the us and throughout the world that he has totally given up!
if gave a state of the union address id listen theapprentice trump
i just released my financial disclosure forms the largest numbers in the history of the fec even the dishonest media thinks great!
in hillary clintons america things get worse trumppence16
“ talk feud” via by virnelli mercader
will be playing golf today with rand paul at trump international in palm beach will be both interesting and fun!
is a terrific guy and i wish him well i know he will have a great future!
trump international hotel and tower toronto continues to receive accolades great city great hotel trumptoronto
thanks peter
i hope washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff both sides need to work together
well this is it the final debate lets see how it goes ill be tweeting live
ill be watching 👀
nato commander agrees members should pay up via
he has as much chance of being the gop nominee as does of ever having a successful cont
jeb failed as jeb! he gave up and enlisted mommy and his brother who got us into the quicksand of iraq spent $120 millionweakno chance!
is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to dc support her campaign here
do you believe it? the obama administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from australia why? i will study this dumb deal!
chain migration must end now! some people come in and they bring their whole family with them who can be truly evil not acceptable!
i get to vote for the president for the first time in 2016 i hope youre on the ballot
twitlonger betaif we keep on this path if we reelect the america we leave our kids and grandkids wont look cont
i will step over them to buy a tie
china is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs yet our leaders are claiming progress sad!
this now allows for the passage of large scale tax cuts and reform which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
i urge every politician in washington to tune into cnn and listen to s advice on how to do a deal
true but america is starved for leadership and hes our best option ted cruz etc are canned rhetoric
bernie sanders who has lost most of his leverage has totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton he will endorse her today fans angry!
donaldtrump keep it up! theyre attacking you because theyre afraid youre winning! we who love our country have your back!
you would have my vote donald trump
the first meeting jeff sessions had with the russian amb was set up by the obama administration under education program for 100 ambs
my daughter will be on tonight at 7 pm enjoy!
via breitbart riding high in polls donald trump storms the american south to overflow crowds in georgia
ill say it again your tweets are very motivational and inspiring thank you so much thank you
thanks sean
phyllis schlafly’s eagle forum ‘national review will be defunct in the next year’
you win on tv shows hands down you are a successful person i love all the shows u have come up with
when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence
rt meanwhile 39 shootings in chicago this weekend 9 deaths no national media outrage why is that?
hope republicans in the great state of pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” congressional map all the way to the supreme court if necessary your original was correct! don’t let the dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes and waste money!
if you dont run for president i wouldnt vote! trumptforpresident nice
today i signed the veterans our heroes choice program extension and improvement act @ the s544 watch…
re fb vanity urls sf chronicle david beckham was one of the first along with britney spears donald trump
donald trump is confident that ireland is ready for a big comeback via by
fbi director comey was the best thing that ever happened to hillary clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! the phony
go donaldnowhere in the constitution does it say that our president must be a lawyer/politician our founders werent
one of the million reason to stay at trump turnberry
i cant believe that in 1 week i heavily agree with you againyikes! isnt it amazing?
“donald trump offers political advice to palm beach republicans” via
trump national doral beatiful amazing and bestshowerseverand gary players pics in my room doesnt hurt!
donald trump has my vote signed and sealed thanks!
obamas spending and borrowing is burying america and destroying our childrens future does he even care?
snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the us a spy in the old days when our country was respected and strong would be executed
lowest rated oscars in history problem is we don’t have stars anymore except your president just kidding of course!
im convinced lets go trump trump2016
stock market could hit alltime high again 22000 today was 18000 only 6 months ago on election day mainstream media seldom mentions!
both are looking good! now we begin!
our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before frankly we have no choice!
the democrats in the southwest part of virginia have been abandoned by their party republican ed gillespie will never let you down!
tomorrow is trumptuesday on 7 30 am
rt nyt editor apologizes for misleading tweet about new england patriots visit to the white house via h…
they cant handle you donald so want you out the race well good luckbecause we know you wont walk away! give it to them
rt it’s us vs them! will fight for you! bigleaguetruth debates
thank you the very dishonest fake news media is out of control!
congratulations to all of the ”deplorables” and the millions of people who gave us a massive 304227 electoral college landslide victory!
i want to live in a us where you are president thank you!
via by eugene r dunn “iran a clear danger”
congratulations to connecticut’s erin brady on being crowned the 2013 america will be wellrepresented in
just got back from colorado the love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible big crowds!
the houses failure to pass the balance budget amendment was another unforced error by the gop very disappointing
have fun and thanks
be yardstick of quality some people arent used to an environment where excellence is expected steve jobs
that trip would be to the trump international hotel las vegas
donald our forefathers would be proud of you you are displaying a love of country like reagan did
just left the summit in beautiful canada great meetings and relationships with the six country leaders especially since they know i cannot allow them to apply large tariffs and strong barriers to
many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday which was a small percentage of total these are fans who demand respect for our flag!
for president! smarter than any man in the usa! i agree thanks!
if donald doesnt run the us will never regain its 1 world superpower status true!
thank you iowa! highly respected poll just released votetrump iowacaucus
top 50 facts about crooked hillary clinton from trump stakes of the election address
actually should be a first guest to show gratitude class thanks for your nice remark!
republicans have the right approach to obamacare – let it fail free market solutions will be embraced by americans in 2016
lunch w donald trump new york national dealmaking really good
you always have something negative to say about obama dont you? yes!
exclusive video–broaddrick willey jones to bills defenders ‘these are crimes’ ‘terrified’ of ‘enabler’ hillary
the habitual vacationer has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history… cont
if you buy the team it would win the superbowl!
i thought that would get better after they failed so badly in their support of hillary clinton however since election they are worse!
i will renegotiate nafta if i can’t make a great deal we’re going to tear it up we’re going to get this economy running again debate
just landed in ohio thank you america i am honored to win the final debate for our movement it is time to…
has already won the election trump2016
salute to thanks
club for growth is the group that came to my office seeking $1 million dollars i told them no and now they are doing negative ads
timetogettough the crowd at the book signing at trump tower in nyc right now
msm are lying to you about hispanics hating trump heres the real deal! hispanicsfortrump
what is the completion date for the vancouverproperty trumpvancouver soon!
thank you new jersey! trump2016
i never endorsed judd im with senator mitch all the way!
the posts latest on trump from trumps rally today in virginia
enjoyed seeing you at the rlc mr trump! great speech! we need real leadership in america! thank you
i look so forward to debating crooked hillary clinton! democrat primaries are rigged email investigation is rigged so time to get it on!
apple is finally considering a large screen for the iphonethey better get moving fast when i told them to do this last year they scoffed
canadian pm harper immediately called the ottawa attack terrorism at least north america has a strong leader who lives in reality
mr trump please help us get an autism service dog for our son carson how much do you need?
looking forward to seeing you there in the tar heel state! trump2016
if the palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group hamas?
the was very nice in reporting that was 1 on all television for “top brand impact 2012” thank you!
looking forward to hearing speak saturday night in iowa see you there record breaking crowd!
wow president obama just landed in cuba a big deal and raul castro wasnt even there to greet him he greeted pope and others no respect
see you at rockefeller center snl
democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies it is time to put americafirst🇺🇸
stop saying i went bankrupt i never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!
in las vegas for the miss universe pageant—airing tonight on at 8 o’clock
i will be on tonight at 9 pm
the failing hates the fact that i have developed a great relationship with world leaders like xi jinping president of china
please run for president again! america is almost finished but might have a chance if youre president in jan2017
a woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes our legal system is a mess watch
very tacky set!
thats greatyou will love what we are doing!
called to set up a meeting havent returned his call
highly respected constitutional law professor mary brigid mcmanamon has just stated ted cruz is not eligible to be president big problem
will the mavs make the playoffs what do u think mr trump? no mark cuban is a loser!
after i will be visiting aberdeen the oil capital of europe to see my great club
for president no better candidate than mr trump thank you
deal donetoo late dopey!
verlander pitched great but look truly defeated
crooked hillary clinton is being protected by the media she is not a talented person or politician the dishonest media refuses to expose!
is so please dont fire him! damonknowswinning
arriving to check out the border
secondamendment 2a debates
you could reverse the us economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as prez! wewanttrump
the republicans should use everything against as is going to use everything cont
disaster! the tax hikes set for 2013 are going to throw us back into a recession according to the cbo
had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning ben carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign!
one of my favorite buildings in chicago trumphotel trumptower thanks!
celebrating 1237! trump2016
the fake news is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people i know general john kelly by saying he will soon be
congress use the power of the purse stop amnesty!
that is something to think about isnt it!
i didthanks for remembering
please dont forget us people on the west coast nospoiling i wontthanks!
as promised on the campaign trail we will provide opportunity for americans to gain skills needed to succeed and thrive as the economy grows!
don jr will present the keynote address in south africa on dec 1st
republicans have once again capitulated to obama this time on the iran nuclear treaty when will it end?
sugar why dont you tell the public what youre really worththey would be very disappointed
after the way i beat gov scott walker and jeb rand marco and all others in the presidential primaries no way he would ever endorse me!
bill clinton stated that i called him after the election wrong he called me with a very nice congratulations he doesnt know much
china is openly sailing warships in our waters and arming countries in our hemisphere including mexico ally?
its real
the ad was actually very good!
this is no surprise constant phony reporting from failing turns everyone off the american people get it!
donald trump has 90595800 views damn can i have that one day?
how to get rich incredible book im trying to understand deeply that book
crippled america is a must read so right great job on another best seller
well i will predict that if u run for president you will win
how do you feel about the rolling stone cover hitting stores this weekend? boycott and cancel subscriptions
rt it is not a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the 2016 election
keep your focus and never give up
un address was a strong statement to the world that will not allow iran to get nuclear weapons
great job to missy franklin shes got a smile that can take over the world shes also a major talent great going missy!
we need the real donald trump to run for president 👍👌
played turnberry ailsa today it was awesome good job
waste dep of energy was warned in advance by treasury that it wasnt loaning $ out in good deals
such a nice article in the new york times about a wonderful developer arthur zeckendorf
so proud of military and first responders! thank you!
even usain bolt from jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed respect for our national anthem! 🇺🇸🇯🇲
mrtrump i just wanted u 2 know i agree w/ urespect you 2thanks
the crowning moment – conneticut’s erin brady winning 2013
your documentary cost you less than $3000 to make—where did you get that kind of money?
you miss 100 of the shots you dont take wayne gretzky
watch – obama in 2006 “i’ve stolen ideas from jonathan gruber” and now obama claims he is just some adviser
thats awesome when younger people can see we need trump!
thank you for your support at this mornings town hall in salem new hampshire fitn nhprimary
twitlonger betasadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs obama has been a total disaster and cont
design or negotiations yet when i do just like with the f35 fighterjet or the air force one program price will come way down!
wow great ratings for dont forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8 pm on
thank you to jeffrey lord for his incredible and insightful article this weekend on failing and irrelevant
“the problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological cont
my interview discussing endorsement of tomorrows election and sandys victims
marco rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time especially when in miami proper plan sweating profusely!
did you see all the whites that were robbed and assaulted during the riots mr president? trump2016
great interview! speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick! thank you!
when will pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to osama bin laden for 6 years?! some ally
the entire world understands that the good people of iran want change and other than the vast military power of the united states that iran’s people are what their leaders fear the most
who says obama will do better in the next debate has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
union leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the abc news debate like a dog for starters try getting a new publisher!
love stracciatella and strawberry ice cream from thats great enjoy!
so impt rep senators under leadership of mcconnell get healthcare plan approved after 7yrs of ocare disaster must happen!
try trump grill in trump tower excellent food good prices enjoy your visit
makeamericagreatagainvideo
thanks spence
via donald trump to speak at cpac by
isnt it interesting that immediately after september 11th everybody was asking for and indeed demanding torture of any kind no reports!
thank you tennessee! trump2016 supertuesday
cant wait for celebrity tomorrow!! bestshowontv yourefired trump4prez thanks s
protect ya neck wear ties
very proud of my executive order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for healthcare millions of people benefit!
trump just might be the savior of america! better than reagan!
even my little one is loving our stay at trump national doral miami fabulous resort! thanks
please run for president this country needs you! thanks!
sadly they of course will blame you for the failure idiots and i havent been there in years
we are trying to fight isis and now our own people are killing our police our country is divided and out of control the world is watching
really dumb begged my people for a job turned her down twice and she went hostile major loser zero credibility!
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country stop them now
after watching 2h trump interviews i came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 trump2016 ?
at your place in chicago love it!
no jokethe donald would be a great rydercup captain i agree
the big and highly respected cooley llp is handling the case for me
great looking couplegood to have him back!
dont be fooled in 2008 promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term now promising cont
stock went way down because of 787 so i just bought stock in great company!
i will stand with police and protect all americans! debates2016 maga
welcome to the islamist winter the muslim brotherhood is now taking over the egyptian military and possibly cont
in even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love usa🇺🇸
i hear is in big trouble unlike me his viewers and ratings are way down and he has become irrelevant—glad i didn’t do his show
they succeed because they think they can virgil
tbt with barbara walters on my helicopter going somewhere
we have given syria so much time and informationthere has never been such an instance in wartime history syria is now fully prepared!
wow it is unbelievable how distorted onesided and biased the media is against us the failing is a joke is laughable!
for entrepreneurs ignorance is not bliss its fatal its costly and its for losers you either get organized or get crushed
via by about that donald trump speech at cpac …
donald trump retakes lead in gop race ted cruz makes gains poll via aol
mr trump for president
thank you for the nice words the debate was interesting and fun keep up the great work!
donaldtrump alot of good looking guys but whats important is r they celebapprentice material cant wait 2 c them in action
the economy is raging at an all time high and is set to get even better jobs and wages up vote for rick saccone and keep it going!
thank you for donating a trac chair to the wounded warriorsits much appreciated my honor thank you
so true!
hillary defrauded america as secy of state she used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! corrupt dangerous dishonest
let’s all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
tune in to the marriage ref onthursday night at 10 pm on nbcim on the panel of experts along with gloria estefan adam carolla
when obama took office in 2009 employerprovided premiums cost $13375 today they are $18142 thanks obama
rooting for teamgilbert
rt mexico 2nd deadliest country tops afghan iraq
the wimps that run penn state should be forced to resign and be sued for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
dr ben carson blasted ted cruz for deceit and dirty tricks and lies
which got more viewers final round of or tweets about the course? trump!
my interview with on mediabuzz will air tomorrow on at 11am and 5 pm great job howie very insightful
the new job figures dont include 315000 people who have given up looking for jobs
the golden rule of negotiating he who has the gold makes the rules
just got back from new hampshire great crowd great people! will be back soon!
the nfl has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact what is happening to the sport? the beginning of the end
never give up! thats how you make it happen true!
china just hacked our federal government and stole gov workers’ information why do our leaders let china get away with this?! no respect
i find it offensive that goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas pretended to be native american to get in harvard
the speakers slots at the republican convention are totally filled with a long waiting list of those that want to speak wednesday release
jfkfiles
sad day for atlantic city was the day you packed it in the town jumped when you were there major loss
it is a shame keystone wasnt powered by solar panels and wind because then would have wasted billions on it
beautiful weather all over our great country a perfect day for all women to march get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months lowest female unemployment in 18 years!
wow marco is this true?
jack nicklaus elated at official grand opening of ferry point via congrats
cruising through downtown chicago beautiful building!
we need for president
the upcoming all star season of has returning to compete she doesn’t disappoint!
we are sealing up our southern border the people of our great country want safety and security the dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
president reagan put it best welfares purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence
great sportscaster al michaels a friend of mine played golf with me on saturday morning at trump national la he was in perfect shape!
i really like the trump collection quality is outstanding feel like a billionaire wearing it
there has been a systematic targeting of the tea party by the obama administration now schneiderman goes after me no coincidence
honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful in detroit last week tune in at 9 pm e enjoy!
is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television got thrown off abc like a dog at maralago he was a total bust!
wow i have just exceeded 2 million followersand in such a short time!
when donald runs for president he will have my vote! ill even campaign for him trumpforpresident thanks
the real story on collusion is in donna bs new book crooked hillary bought the dnc and then stole the democratic primary from crazy bernie!
run mr trump run!! get this country back on track
our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do video
thanks christine very nice!
the new rasmussen poll one of the most accurate in the 2016 election just out with a trump 50 approval ratingthats higher than os s!
general keith kellogg who i have known for a long time is very much in play for nsa as are three others
good luck to on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics she has many fans!
hopefully europe will finally have a winner its only been since 1990
i want to makeamericagreatagain
i hate everything that says/does for the most part but hes a great businessman so i respect that ok!
im already persuading my friends to vote for you in 2016 make it happen! thanks for the confidence!
and for the retweet love your properties and looking forward to your washington dc new hotel
libyan rebels should have given us 50 of the oil in return for our military supportwe dont even ask!
i wonder if apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iphone i hear they will be doing it soon—long overdue
idk what im gonna do with my life now that celebrityapprentice is almost over lol
you will cream hillary clinton in a debate! i create jobs and build but should be able to do just fine!
outrageous is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform he doesnt believe in a strong work ethic
youre right its beautifulthanks!
do we still want a president who bows to the saudis and lets opec rip us off? make america strong vote for
some great quotes from the legendary and courageous winston churchill never never never give up
just learned that jon who is running for congress in georgia doesnt even live in the district republicans get out and vote!
you have to think anyway so why not think big? ~ powerful quoteoftheday
the fact that president putin and i discussed a cyber security unit doesnt mean i think it can happen it cantbut a ceasefire canamp did!
enjoying lunch at trump tower grill your building is fantastic
the fake news is beside themselves that mccabe was caught called out and fired how many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife’s campaign by crooked h friend terry m who was also under investigation? how many lies? how many leaks? comey knew it all and much more!
coming up at 7 35am/et joins us live!
he is too smart to do that!
working together we will defeat this opioidepidemic and free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse
is literally the appitamy of amazing! gotta love him❤️ thank you becca
hillary clinton is unfit to be president she has bad judgement poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record change!
the best deals are good for everyone which creates a winwin situation negotiation is persuasion more than power
donald speaks the truth but i guess thats a foriegn language to most of you guys!
i guess i have reached yet another ceiling 497 with four people my highest reuters poll yet! thank you!
for america to be strong again the ways of politicians must be put in the past let’s make america great again!
it was my great honor to deliver a message at the marine core air station miramar to our great us military straight from the heart of the american people we support you we thank you we love you and we will always have your back!
rt law enforcement officers bring communities together and keep us safe and respect and stand by them!…
i luv america 4 trump 2016 let’s make america great again! iluvamerica4trump2016
i concur! donald please run the country needs you!
if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting at the white house
wrong used to be called global warming and when that name didnt work they deftly changed it to climate changebecause its freezing!
how could michael forbes get scot of the year when he lost—badly—to me and andy murray a true scot who won the us open and olympic gold?
it is very effective and a commonly used business tool
simple as that trumpforpresident
comey throws ag lynch “under the bus!” why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with wild bill and lynch? was she promised a supreme court seat or ag in order to lay off hillary no golf and grandkids talk give us all a break!
in 1960 there were approximately 20000 pages in the code of federal regulations today there are over 185000 pages as seen in the roosevelt roomtoday we cut the red tape! it is time to set free our dreams and make america great again!
ĺ tonight on cnn was great loved the intimacy of conversation w the people
had no answers at demonstration last night it’s a failing company aberdeen windmills will destroy it
rt join me in praying for he reminded the world “if the righteous many do not confront the wicked few then evil…
great speaking to you today we will speak again soon
we need you to run for potus we need a real american one with the same values that built this country go trump 2016 !
the deal with iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made the us lost on virtually every point we just dont win anymore!
our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great turnberry resort in scotland
im sure the show will be great but you need to get on the campaign trail watch!
thank you to the greatest heroes dday70 wwii
is rightthe chinese have walked all over will rein in the chinese
“intellectuals solve problems geniuses prevent them” – albert einstein
wow the ratings are in and arnold schwarzenegger got swamped or destroyed by comparison to the ratings machine djt so much for
the only thing more boring than news cast is his show rock center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster!
best speech in goldenglobes history
rt cedar rapids trumps daught ivanka i can just say without equivocation my father will make america great again
i bet my mother would be running for president this year lets see!!! trump2016 watch
no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible highly overrated!
would make everything better if he ran for president lol i agree
israel is being barraged by rockets from gaza recently they must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens
when someone can discourage you you probably arent determined enough be resolute thats what it takes to get things done
attending chief ryan owens dignified transfer yesterday with my daughter ivanka was my great honor to a great and brave man thank you!
rt ges2017 highlights the important role of women entrepreneurs and demonstrates the importance of innovation and partnershi…
win!
first time at doral since the renovations wow! fantastic job thanks
anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said do not believe it there are no sources they are just made up lies!
for entrepreneurs a good question to ask yourself –“what can i provide that does not yet exist?”
going to a cabinet meeting teleconference at 11 00 am on harvey even experts have said theyve never seen one like this!
the more i hear trump the more i like him!
it’s important to promote an image of yourself each and every day it’s part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose
rescue our country…
doj just issued the mccabe report which is a total disaster he lied! lied! lied! mccabe was totally controlled by comey mccabe is comey!! no collusion all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
invincibility lies in the defence the possibility of victory in the attack sun tzu
to he is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at trump national doral trump
wow my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof!
some day when things calm down ill tell the real story of and his very insecure longtime girlfriend two clowns!
“develop success from failures discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success” – dale carnegie
a country that crooked hillary says has funded isis also gave wild bill $1 million for his birthday? so corrupt!
wow new reuters poll just out big lead if you want to make america great again! trump 37 cruz 11 this is at the top of drudge!
wow so disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! like its no big deal
donald definitely has the retweeting and replying to tweets down! i loved your sign in chicago trumpforpresident
never tell your enemy when where and how you are going to hit them!
any truth to the rumor you bought some of your 21mil followers? noim too cheap!
thanks patti
trump however would kick his ass!
remember when promised you could keep your coverage? study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care
just for the record has authored more 1 best selling books than winning 10 to be exactthanks!
do i get the credit for this? thank you!
from fox and friends interview trump we should not go back to iraq
is it true the dnc would not allow the fbi access to check server or other equi pm ent after learning it was hacked? can that be possible?
no surprise welfare spending is up over 30 under obama he is the food stamp and welfare king
words to keep in mind every day for getting rich! youre the best business man your tips are precious! thanks in advance
entrepreneurs its often to your advantage to be underestimated
i am impressed with the scam pulled but the truth will come out
thanks a lot megan
in todays trumpvlog i speak about clint eastwood the dnc and drew peterson
joe girardi must play his starters even arod they got you there
breaking border security rally in phoenix az at 2 pm mst has been moved to build a wall! lets make america great again!
rt historic tax cuts doubling of the child tax credit will do infinitely more to empower working moms than liberals p…
i’m self funding my campaign but lobbyists and special interests for jeb and others are starting to do big ads—desperate! don’t believe them
via “donald trumps name will boost ”
north carolina lost 300000 manufacturing jobs and ohio lost 400000 since 2000 going to mexico etc no more if i win we will bring back!
youre one of the only voices of reason in this crumbling nation! america needs a clean up!
you sound great!
due to the holiday i will not be doing fox and friends this morning next monday at 7
and and are my favorite billionaires and heroes
i will take full credit for mitt romney dropping out of the race—looks like he won’t be endorsing trump any time soon
go to now to see the incredible new selection of trump signature collection ties shirts and suits
i am happy to hear how badly the is doing it is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down becoming irrelevant!
the ussjohnfinn will provide essential capabilities to keep america safe our sailors are the best anywhere in the world congratulations!
i have a message for donald trump no we’re not going to hate latinos we’re not going to hate muslims i fully agree!
is a damn genius ! thank you
i read on wikipedia that you and bryant gumbel were roommates in college no i went to a much better school!
you’re just not getting there sometimes things just don’t work out but don’t worry no problem!
looks like obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from west africa what the hell is wrong with this guy?
youd be a great professor my uncle was a professor at mit
drove around the new blue monster again tonight saving photos what donald trump has done here will shock golf world!
wow what a day so many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into us
everyone should watch the documentary ‘windfall’ on see an upstate ny town ruined by environmentalists and windfarms
a quote was read from a parody account last night on msnbc re jeb
if trump became president he would do an amazing job if obama took over celebrity apprentice hed fail whats your opinion? i agree!
donald we need you in 2016 youre the only one who can turn us around now!! trump 2016 true
record cold temperatures in july 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal what the hell happened to global warming?
read this birth certificate cannot survive judicial scrutiny because of phantom numbers
via by talks 2016 run jobs at
we are one step closer to delivering massive tax cuts for working families across america special thanks to mitch mcconnell and chairman for shepherding our bill through the senate look forward to signing a final bill before christmas!
turnberry one of the most beautiful places in the world soon to be trump turnberry a luxury…
i always enjoy your straight talk im afraid america cant handle the truth perhaps so!
hi can u rt my daughter jodiedixon she died 03/05/2014 age16 with cystic fibrosis thanx jodies dad
china will extract much from secretary kerry and the u s in order for them to help us with the north korea problemdont let this happen!
we need a potus with great strength and stamina hillary does not have that trump2016
the usa is like wollman rink or ferrypoint before djt you came you saw and built a masterpiece now its the usa s turn
youre so successful and admirable yet your greatest masterpiece remains your awesome children! thanks!
rt “police officers are the best of us law enforcement in this country is a force for good vpdebate bigleagu…
his books are great thanks
a successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him d brinkley
becoming a us citizen is not a right it’s a privilege
phoenix va led the league in scandals! mccain knew! did nothing!
have a great timehappy birthday!
news max article trump declines prime time gop convention speech
will be going to north dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts we are the highest taxed nation in the world that will change
please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes!!! please america needs you!!! donaldtrump president
every poll time drudge slate and others said i won both debates but heard megyn kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff i dont watch
listening to on way back to jury duty fantastic show terrific guy!
has won all three debates and all that matters is that trump supporters know that and will vote trump! thanks!
speaking at the red white and blue dinner in maryland
many of bernies supporters have left the arena did bernie go home and go to sleep?
glad to hear and are standing up to attack on the tea party
while i think you should have gone to prison for what you did i guess obama saved you but watch – i will win!
and west virginia the fact is the fake news russian collusion story record stock market border security military strength jobs
thank you so much for the nice words and supportreally enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts
via by “donald trump – to micromanage or not to micromanage?”
south carolina and the audience were great thanks!
i thank god you are on board with to help him and us makeamericagreatagain ty!!
when were talking about math that doesnt add up how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years
rosie odonnell just said she felt shame at being fatnot politically correct! she killed star jones for weight loss surgery just had it!
attorney–client privilege is dead!
huma abedin the top aide to hillary clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag anthony wiener was a major security risk as a collector of info
wow bernie sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10 it is actually over 20 and for african american youth 51
amazing story in about the sleazebag blogger coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant congrats!
here we go enjoy!
nobody says this!
america needs your leadership now more than ever mr trump
john kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! stay away from negotiations john you are hurting your country!
trump needs his own poll a real poll in every state these polls are so ridiculousthe media will only get worse from here
thank you for featuring in your list of best private dining rooms in chicago
so many politically correct fools in our country we have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!
congratulations to of the mets what a great season he is havingbatting over 400 and clutch hitting also a fantastic guy
hard to believe that the democrats who have gone so far left that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for sanctuary crime
pres obama’s steady support of throughout this crisis helped stop the war he did a good job
an honor to host president mahmoud abbas at the wh today hopefully something terrific could come out it between th…
we need a trump tower in atlanta i will buy the first unit great!
face the nations interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years congratulations and wow!
only a fool would believe that the meeting between bill clinton and the usag was not arranged or that crooked hillary did not know
big tax reform and tax reduction will be announced next wednesday
tonights episode of the apprentice is one you wont want to miss! be sure to tune in10 pm on nbc
there is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—were bringing back the jobs!
it is about time that roger goodell of the nfl is finally demanding that all players stand for our great national anthemrespect our country
your staff couldnt have been better absolute pleasure thank you great!
never gotten over the fact that obama was able to send $17 billion dollars in cash to iran and nobody in congress the fbi or justice called for an investigation!
this is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for republicans!
crippledamerica is an excellent resource for the 2016 race teamtrump trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
thank you for all of the nice statements on the press conference yesterday rush limbaugh said one of greatest ever fake media not happy!
enjoyed seeing you on you should run for president! you would get this great country going again!
experience knowledge and prescience are a formidable combination of powers do not underestimate them think like a champion
even better government kills by drones but we cant even own guns thanks erik
you inspired me to be my own boss and start my own small business
very few people read the national review because it only knows how to criticize but not how to lead
so excited! best show on television celebapprentice
47m on food stamps over 23m americans unemployed 50 of college grads unemployed and obama wants us talking about big bird
now that bush has wasted $120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign he says he would end super pacs sad!
well said we the people want the truth we the people want to make america great again
that is why we dont need a politician to be the next president
even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement henry ford
my experience in iowa was a great one i started out with all of the experts saying i couldnt do well there and ended up in 2nd place nice
fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world ralph waldo emerson
i have to be honest i think im starting not to like the guy actually danny you would like me very much!
there is no comparison between and shark tank in the ratings the apprentice beats shark tank hands
only 1 solution for the oscars trump as host
wow sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof far worse than anybody could have predicted!
hope you announce that youre running for president! youd get my vote!
larry send the money to police athletic league nyc
gotrump makeamericagreatagain gop trump2016
my interview on discussing dirty tactics and how should respond
remember obama turned down $5m to charity which i said i would increase by 10x to $50mjust to show simple records hes hiding lots!
dem gov of mn just announced that the affordable care act obamacare is no longer affordable ive been saying this for years disaster!
see schneiderman admit he spoke with obama about “ongoing investigations
republican senators will not let the american people down! obamacare premiums and deductibles are way up it was a lie and it is dead!
we must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place
the fed should not bail out the eu europes financial mess is their problem not our problem!
by the us winning the olympic medal count we proved that both the american spirit and talent is greater than a 14b population usa!
tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the miss universe pageant
“dont find fault find a remedy” henry ford
my int on leon panettas critique of obama ebola rise of isis obamas lack of common sense and 2016
hopefully your announcing your running for president tonight on letterman! trump2016
just read the nice remarks by president jimmy carter about me and how badly i am treated by the press fake news thank you mr president!
will be working with contractors at trump national doral in miami today
my friend lost his wonderful son sage this weekend we all send sly our love and warmest wishes cont
so i raised/gave $5600000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! they do anything to belittle totally biased
is the smartest businessman in america thank you
our new olivia culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished she is a wonderful role model
where are the 50000 important text messages between fbi lovers lisa page and peter strzok? blaming samsung!
via trump course sparks international interest
i have never laughed at one thing from seth meyers or jon stewart
could you make your interview with any more biased or trumpforpresident
i ask senator chuck schumer why didn’t president obama and the democrats do something about trade with china including theft of intellectual property etc? they did nothing! with that being said chuck and i have long agreed on this issue! fair trade plus with china will happen!
congratulations to on passing 1000 episodes is still going strong after all these years is great!
dummy forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which i accepted hopefully charity gets $5m dollars
great parade in the villages i love you all we will maga thank you for the incredible supporti will not forget!
the democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew because of sources and methods and more would have to be heavily redacted whereupon they would blame the white house for lack of transparency told them to redo and send back in proper form!
theres a lot going on at the eric trump foundation
first presidential debate poll trump 80clinton 20join the movement today and lets maga!…
wikileaks dripdrop releases prove one thing theres no nov 8 deadline on clintons dishonesty and scandals
rt we are going to be thriving again bigleaguetruth debates2016
intense but i would expect nothing less
he wrote a great piece on china criticized him cont
mr trump will u save america and run? i know the job sucks but we need it fixed so true!
i really miss on allstar apprentice will he be back as a judge? yes!
donald trump if bill maher does not pay off his $5 million bet – then i’ll sue him via
ad is the best thing that ever happened to ashley judd—simply increases her profile
awesome australia is screening celebrityapprentice 12 jan cant wait
next year should be the comedian at the white house correspondents’ dinner the only problem is that
thanks wendy
rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth it is a tax on all americans
via “ eyes new projects in abu dhabi” for trump organization
if a democrat did a great job as president would you admit it? yes!
the stock market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low so many things accomplished by the trump administration perhaps more than any other president in first year sadly will never be reported correctly by the fake news media!
thank you nebraska! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
so will attack career at bain capital but wont return donations from bain executives
teambrandi im glad u have a no bs person on therehope she stays!
played national bedminster today not sure what to say beside spectacular course and even better service
going to go see at the tomorrow last year it was totally sold out great
how did nbc get an exclusive look into the top secret report he obama was presented? who gave them this report and why? politics!
why do we continue to sit idly by while china steals our national security and corporate secrets? china is an enemy not a friend
taking my daughter on a date only the best tonight! trumpties how much?
if donald trump is our next president america will be savedith and all will be well in the world amen and alleliua true!
my great honor to join our incredible men and women of the at the lake worth inlet station in riviera beach florida today! happythanksgiving
the new york times and a third rate reporter named maggie haberman known as a crooked h flunkie who i don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy michael cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip” they use
definitely true success
inspires me every day thank you
great evening last night in pensacola florida arena was packed to the rafters the crowd was loud loving and really smart they definitely get what’s going on thank you pensacola!
income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of america yep this is obama america sad
if you dont already follow you should youcanthankmelater so true!
to aspiring entrepreneurs trust your instincts they are there for a reason
i admire you so much! thanks
trump chicago new york miami vegas and the list goes on and on thanks!
such an honor to get your endorsement you are a fantastic guy! it will not be forgotten don and eric say hello!
the only reason i want some level of fame is so i can go on the celebrity apprentice and so i wait
rated “ 1 resort in europe” by offers breathtaking golf and the 5 star lodge at doonbeg
happy 30th birthday ghostbusters! it was great to have be a part of the series
just like i have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish 1 so too should our country we can be great!
has embarrassed himself and his family with his incompetent campaign for president he should remain true to himself
one of obama’s greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts not work
instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause
one of the most elegant and amazing hotels in vegas thetrump hotel our company loved it there thank you
i know shia labeouf and when sober a really nice guy must get act together fast before too late
will be in south bend indiana in a short while big rally! see you soon!
thank you pennsylvania! going to new hampshire now and on to michigan watch pa rally here
i cross the whitestone bridge regularlyit went from a dump to a masterpeicegod bless all you do ! thanks
champion is back competing in the upcoming allstar premiere is march 3rd on at 9 pm est
sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure donald trump
i agree mr trump i am a veteran and cant stand what is happening
“exclusive donald trump wants to build a luxury hotel in dubai” via by
china continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily obama is sitting by and watching
will be at fort worth texas convention center at 11 30 am big crowd get there early! big announcement to be made!
despite the democrat inspired laws on sanctuary cities and the border being so bad and one sided i have instructed the secretary of homeland security not to let these large caravans of people into our country it is a disgrace we are the only country in the world so naive! wall
i believe in kevin jonas!!! hes the best teamkevin askkevin
just landed in paris france with melania
desperate is already asking supporters to find dirt on vp picks dirty tactics
it doesnt matter what the media thinksit matters what the american people think keep it up! makeamericagreatagain
looking forward to a full day of meetings with president xi and our delegations tomorrow thank you for the beautiful welcome china! melania and i will never forget it!
via by “trump wants ebola travel ban”
wikileaks proves even the clinton campaign knew crooked mishandled classified info but no one gets charged? rigged!
child care reforms that will make america great again!transcript
prior to the end of the year i will be traveling to israel i am very much looking forward to it
yay watching my very favorite show celebrity apprentice and loving it!!😍💃
biggest story in politics is now happening in the great state of colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting!
rt watch on his decision to cancel the planned north korea summit
i will be landing in las vegas shortly to pay my respects with melania everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers
looking forward to seeing the employment numbers at 8 30 this morning
just watched love your positive can do attitude
highly respected public policy polling ppp just announced that i am number one in iowa thank you!
i feel sure that my friend will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows obamacare is a disaster!
so true thank you!
trust in god and be true to yourself mary macleod trumpknow everything you can about what youre doing fred c trump
cant change history but you can learn from it robert e lee stonewall jackson whos next washington jefferson? so foolish! also
watch me on the tonight at 9 pm more thoughts on anthony weiner in todays trumpvlog…
the country needs trump in 2016!
welcome to the new obamacare reality – doctor spent 2 hours on hold w/insurance company to get approval for surgery
3 cover your bases know everything you can about what youre doing
going to new york for first time in novemberany recommendations which hotel to stay? trump int1 cpw
great point on the obamacare site…thanks for keeping it topofmind your gifted insights bless america!
presobama is not busy talking to congress about syriahe is playing golf go figure
it will be fantastic! be sure to visit
i really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the trio especially was not very good or professional!
just got to the uswomensopen in bedminster new jersey people are really happy with record high stock market up over 17 since election!
with terrific steve wynn at dinner last night
“build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successesthere is nothing like winning think big
if you dont run i wont vote
the united states is considering in addition to other options stopping all trade with any country doing business with north korea
if the boston killer applies for obama care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand!
“the more predictable the business the more valuable it is predictability also means consistency of brand experience” midas touch
as i have been saying crooked hillary will approve the job killing tpp after the election despite her statements to the contrary top adv
“manufacturing optimism rose to another alltime high in the latest outlook survey”
so many people are angry at my comments on mexico—but face it—mexico is totally ripping off the us our politicians are dummies!
blake thomas roberts the donald trump of houston youre my motivation! dedication hardwork great!
we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime!
why the hell did we help the libyan rebels in the first place that is the real scandal
i will be going to texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption the focus must be life and safety
this is one of the most dysfunctional debates ive seen in my lifetime
idiots! thats who negotiates cmon trumpamerica needs you! thanks
please run for president !!! so many clueless people in leadership roles that have no business being there !!
a sneak peek at sundays episode of the celebrity apprentice trumpvlog
is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information it is a total witch hunt!
if you run for presidency my vote is guaranteed to you!!!! trump2016!!!
the womenwhowork campaign from …
we have hope we still have mr trump! thank you!
peaceofficersmemorialday and policeweek proclamation
why is somebody beck i beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on donald trump all over television she knows nothing about me
i was recently asked if crooked hillary clinton is going to run in 2020? my answer was i hope so!
join me this weekend! nyprimary4/16 syracuse noon watertown 3 pm trump2016
i easily could but as long as sugar is making me money its my show i wontunlike sugar im not stupid!
obama arming syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the us! what would you do? stay out!
i am greatly honored to receive sarah palins endorsement tonight video
have to get people of all ages out to vote for donald trump!
just left virginia where i unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great veterans! they will be very happy!
we all love you in australia visit us when you’re president a great place!
rt rumsfeld trump has a touched a nerve in our countryin a way that most politicians have not been able to do https /…
does anybody like lyin ted?
wow looks like james comey exonerated hillary clinton long before the investigation was overand so much more a rigged system!
via “faldo calls teamup for golf course with trump ‘entertaining’”
trump invitational at maralago was a huge success raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in palm beach
my interview with where i discuss my potential gop endorsement and the nh primary
to be successful never give up my secrets to success will be shared at the national achievers congress in london
the trump movement will not be stopped we support trump because he is a true american looking out for americafirst
i will be interviewed by tonight at 10 pm on fox! enjoy!
absentee governor kasich voted for nafta and nafta devastated ohio a disaster from which it never recovered kasich is good for mexico!
nice segment on you have my vote
if us air and american airlines are allowed to merge ticket prices will skyrocket—there will be no competition
mr trump what do you believe could truly save this country? great leadership!
see i told you so
have passion drive and enthusiasm? you can check out the careers here
i’m impressed both teams have produced very entertaining silent films celebapprentice
keep the bills in buffalo can save them would be a great nfl owner!
are you building a condo in manila philippines? if so should i invest? yesyes
rt “utilities cutting rates cite benefits of trump tax reform”
next sunday!
he wants to decide what books people can read what movies they can see freespeech it doesnt work that way!
i pay millions of $’s a year to florida power and light and they can’t give us what we want maybe a major class action suit against them?
“interested is interesting if you remember that simple rule you will have no trouble making conversation” think like a billionaire
the world was gloomy before i won there was no hope now the market is up nearly 10 and christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
great appearance last night on letterman first stern now dave two awesome interviews thanks!
the keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the middle east says no!
run trump run!!
todays ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve natomeeting nato
yesterday obama campaigned with jayz and springsteen while hurricane sandy victims across ny and nj are still decimated by sandy wrong!
somebody hacked the dnc but why did they not have hacking defense like the rnc has and why have they not responded to the terrible
denzel washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend from the heart!
i will be interviewed today on fox news sunday with chris wallace at 10 00 eastern network enjoy!
everything said right on the money! 💯✔
trump tower is a gorgeous building inside and out and hell of a compliment to the new york skyline iloveny thank you
truehe is killing scotland!
thanks just really busy!
thanks ronan see you there!
what is frank vandersloot getting for agreeing to back marco rubio? last victim was mitt romney see how that turned out
thanks kat!
is acting like a spoiled little brat celebrityapprentice
70 years ago today the national security council met for the first time great history of advising presidentsthen and now! thanks nsc staff!
if potus what would you do with russia right now? all i can say is that they would respect the us
if doesnt run we are screwed trump2016
watch the video where is crowned as the 63rd the crowning moment!
yes and thanks
no amnesty protect the rule of law! let’s make america great again
51 million american to travel this weekend highest number in twelve years aaa traffic and airports are running very smoothly!
thank you for the endorsement coach bobby knight! i will never forget it!
dont wait for dire circumstances to test your quickthinking ability be on alert at all times
wind turbines are a disaster!
my inton have no leadership trump slams obama for skipping paris unity rally”
donald trump and bikers share affection at rolling thunder rally a great day in dc!
for president 2016!!!! economic genius is what we need !!!!!!
donald trump is paid 15 million per hr of every speaking engagement
remember our six brave heroes who died searching for bergdahl after he deserted h/t
this dallas girl would vote for you! thank you
“30000 macy’s customers retaliate in support of donald trump” via by
presidenttrump2016 for sure!
mr trump youre a nice looking gentleman period i think you look nice hair and all ignore the jealous
doesnt need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man so true
you gotta run i think you have what it takes to stop hillary!!!
pervert anthony wiener will never be able to get away from his perversionthe cure rate is zero
i will be making my supreme court pick on thursday of next weekthank you!
today we are thrilled to welcome ceo hock tan to the wh to announce he is moving their hq’s from singapore back to the usa
playef golf today with prime minister abe of japan and ernie els and had a great time japan is very well represented!
trump is winning by so much more its near 60 nationally they are all biased polls!!!!
its tuesdayhow much inflation has spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
autism speaks head up by bob and suzanne wright does a fantastic job—if only we had more people like them! to help
the blue monster at trump national doral in miami is doing record business everybody wants a piece of it great reviews thank you!
an excerpt of my interview at the sarasota statesman of the year dinner discussing the tea party
join me! 6/10 richmond va 8 pm 6/11 tampa fl 11am6/11 pittsburgh pa 3 pm 6/13 portsmouth nh 2 30 pm
in 08 hit bush for secrecy when will obama release all his sealed college records?!
the city of buffalo is struggling moving the would be catastrophic the bills belong in buffalo!
great interviewall solid points on our economy trump2016
treated myself to a few nights in trump tower in chicago all i can say is wow you know how to look after your guests
while i own properties across the world i am very excited about my new acquisition of in miami cont
from an amazing day on the border in laredo
i never thought you would do it! great video and for a great cause well done sir! alsicebucketchallenge thx
sometimes thats necessary
with 18 beautiful holes each boasting unique characteristics trump nat’l philadelphia is a golf treasure
i cant believe that 60 minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see at request of us leadership stupid!
plans for wind farm dropped at scotland golf resort travel golf great news !
worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the oscars show is terrible really boring!
meet the ‘trumpocrats’ lifelong democrats breaking w/ party over hillary to support donald trump for president
five great golf courses with the new blue monster currrently under construction!
the radar defense shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm eowdc
mr trump can speak the difference hes actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk hes had to finance on his own!
we have to repeal and replace obamacare! look at what is doing to people! draintheswamp
i dont think he can!
“i’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before i make a decision it’s a natural reflex” – the art of the deal
all the online polls have me winning the debate i really enjoyed the evening not easy but good
is very short off the tee and his basketball sucks also!
38 stories high 462 luxury guest rooms and suites offer exceptional services
happy birthday anthony
goofy elizabeth warren didn’t have the guts to run for potus her phony native american heritage stops that and vp cold
donald trump praises and welcomes him back to all star via
the clintons spend millions on negative ads on me and i can’t tell the truth about her husband? don’t feel sorry for crooked hillary!
wow 5000 in line in las vegas for our next president of these united states mr !
reading art of the deal tonight for the 3rd time please run for president! trump2016
agree especially when have the best course and rates going bestofthebest
can you believethey are blaming for egypt
the trump doctrine peace through strength trump2016
france is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day
rt happy new year gods blessings to you all looking forward to incredible things in 2017! will make america…
a great mindand a role model thanks!
the fake news msm doesnt report the great economic news since election day dow up 16 nasdaq up 195 drilling and energy sector
great debate way to go!!
rt wsj griftersinchief
so many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is one??? give me a break! love it!!
dont believe the media stories opec and the saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs oil should be $30/barrel
he doesnt need anyones money and can speak the truth because of it! go donald!
great opening pence💕
congratulations to on the success of his new book undisputed truth and specialand thanks for the nice words mike
rt greatest foreign policy speech since washingtons farewell address
it is amazing how gets on so many tv shows talking negatively about me when i beat him so badly zero in his pres run!
tbt with james lipton on the set of
that would be great philip!
electionday
youve saved a lot of buildings develo pm ents and venturesplease save the white house !! interesting!
will cnn send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding or are they worried it will hurt hillary?
looking forward to straightening out unfair trade deals with the g7 countries if it doesn’t happen we come out even better!
in less than 30 minutes watch the season premiere of on nbc
hard for biden to justify libya mess but doing best he can vpdebate
i think you try and make fun of because youre jealous try and compare your career to his
sugar cant get himself arrestedbut at least hes making me moneykeep begging sugar you dog!
“update trump plans public event at via
just landed in da nang vietnam to deliver a speech at apec2017
fact ✔️ on “red line” in syria hrc i wasn’t there fact line drawn in aug ’12 hrc secy of state til feb ’13
rt reuters rolling trump 39 cruz 145 bush 106 carson 96 rubio 67 more
whoever wins today remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling our work is not done until america is strong again
great meeting with yesterday in trump tower great guy!
wow what a great honorthanks
mitt romney is right about the chinese ripoff of america
is who my vote will go to trumpforpresident
notice the first word in my think big credo think the 1st step use everything in your power to utilize and develop that capacity
laurenyou are fantastic and an inspiration
when will cnn do a segment on hillary’s plan to increase syrian refugees 550 and how much it will cost?
wow sleepy eyes is at it again he is do totally biased the things i am saying are correct far better vision than the others
i will be interviewed on tonight at 8 00 pm eastern enjoy!
congratulations to on winning the bcs championship last night!
dan rather donald trump could be our next president i agree thanks dan!
trump for president you are a very wise man that we need in office! thank you
donald wins again with the best brain break tweet aristotle quote thanks and back to work thank you
the west coasts most luxurious public course features spectacular panoramic pacific ocean views
mother thinks i’m very handsome now i see where stephen and alec get their smarts celebapprentice
riding that tiger as we speak! great!
whether you like obama or not bob gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! personally i hate rats
wowrecord ratings for wgc cadillac championship at trump national dorals blue monstermost watched in seven years congrats to woods
proud to welcome our great cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting unfortunately 4 seats were empty because s…
mcguirk thanks for being so nice and defending me on oreillyyoure terrific!
flashback – jeb bush received a $4m tax payer bailout in 1990 guess who was potus then?
wearing my trump shirt to school tomorrow great!
sugar unlike yours my financials are phenomenal people dont know your real numbers and would not be impressed
rt touched by the warm hospitality of prime minister abe and the japanese people ありがとうございます [thank you]! until next time 🇯🇵…
thank you minnesota! it is time to draintheswamp and maga! icymi watch
thanks very proud of it
bay bridge in california made in china for $18 billion $300 million in cost overruns are we stupid?
i told you so just lost its top person poor results and no money to pay him if they were legit they would be doing far better!
i like the trump logo on the building! i feel this is a personal fight! and will this fight cost il residents
rt not surprising at all! father of otto warmbier obama admin told us to keep quiet trump admin brought him home https…
chris ruddy is always on point trump opens greatest golf course in the world via
watching the usopen its as if theyre playing on a local community golf course! looks awful!
mike tyson endorses makeamericagreatagain thanks iron mike greatly appreciated!
we need to show americans that hillary will kill our country !! vote for trump !!
goofy elizabeth warren and her phony native american heritage are on a twitter rant she is too easy! im driving her nuts
the only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you the only force strong enough to save our country is us…
i feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the west africa to fight ebola their families are up in arms not trained
maybe he will trump the competition
i will be doing at 700 15 minutes
congratulations to on their new morning radio show in new york city it was an honor to join you two – good luck!
today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of normandy 73 years ago dday…
6 hotels made reader’s choice!
who would you rather have negotiating for the us against putin iran china etc donald trump or hillary? is there even a little doubt?
this sentiment of just give in easily wouldnt exist if we had a trump presidency in place run mr trump we need you!
stay tuned!
rt rt its true he didnt get his show until after he won the true!
i like rob astorino hes a friend and really good guy sadly he has zero chance of beating cuomo and the 2 to 1 dems for governor!
via by “ will be one of nations best public courses”
to the three ucla basketball players i say youre welcome go out and give a big thank you to president xi jinping of china who made
susan rice the former national security advisor to president obama is refusing to testify before a senate subcommittee next week on
happy birthday to my friend the great a totally special guy!
i truly believe you can bring america back to great you dont cowerto the media lobbyists or anyone else
very importantly will win for the republicans in novemberand his opponent will not remember alabama we can’t take any chances on losing to a nancy pelosi controlled democrat!
bluemonster looks fantastic great time at the grand opening now looking forward to the
today i officially declared my candidacy for president of the united states watch the video of my full speech
saw the trump letters on hotel for first time very tasteful and classy hotel is an architectural gem thank you
tom brady is a good friend of mine a great player a great guy and a total winner! fantastic comeback winthis is what our country needs!
the poll sample is heavy on democrats very dishonest why would they do that? other polls good!
cause this is the best place to tell people to fux off without saying so twitter
is so biased it is disgusting they do not want trump to win all negative!
via “ talks family and business”
just watched senator john barrasso on he was great! thank you john
bay bridge in san fransisco built in china keeps getting worse cost overruns are out of control china is having a field day with us!
so refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists keep it up trump!
its monday how many more excuses will obama make today about the economy?
“you cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today” – pres abraham lincoln
the dying ny daily news put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize obamatotally false!
thank you georgia! americafirst makeamericagreatagain
diligence is the mother of good luck benjamin franklin
daca is dead because the democrats didn’t care or act and now everyone wants to get onto the daca bandwagon no longer works must build wall and secure our borders with proper border legislation democrats want no borders hence drugs and crime!
trumpvlog hagel quits
realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort youre in charge everything starts with you
sadly i was forced to cancel the summit meeting in singapore with kim jong un
rt only will end what even called a crazy system bigleaguetruth debate
join me this saturday at ladd–peebles stadium in mobile alabama! thankyoutour2016 tickets …
i picked seven super bowl winners in a row and would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag
amazingly with all of the money i have raised for the vets i have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media
rt youll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win good luck
blew his campaign when he gave hillary a pass on her email crime said that i feel wages in america are too high lie!
when do you plan to come to moscow? at the beginning of november? looking forward for your coming nov 9
they renamed it climate change so it could be devastating either way the temperature goes
climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens
“do you want to know who you are? dont ask act! action will delineate and define you” thomas jefferson
no one can imitate trump hes one of a kind i love him more each day trump2016 thanks
you have the finances and the name and we have the votes get on it lets make it happen
truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light george washington
the only way we can save america in 2016 will be if you run for president thank you!
has not respondednot a word his lawyers must have told him to shut up!
it probably was not drugs that caused the san fran crash but why arent they testing who knows?
somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the fake news and failing and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
rt video muslim destroys a statue of virgin mary!
republicans must get out today and vote in georgia 6 force runoff and easy win! dem ossoff will raise your taxesvery bad on crime and 2nd a
too bad about new york magazine but theres a much bigger one out there currently doing a story on me to get even that ill soon discuss!
will be another sean success!
you were fantastic yesterday in las vegas a great event passionate people keep it up! alisareal thx
great to hear that legend and hall of famer john elway has endorsed in colorado co is a must win state for mitt
interesting reports emerging after our no vote that soapy kept from us among them windfarms slashed property value by 12
obama wants to unilaterally put a nofly zone in syria to protect al qaeda islamists syria is not our problem
more than 70m people watched the presidential debate a new record see what happens when i am so prominently mentioned just kidding!
good news has pulled ahead in wisconsin with on the ticket wisconsin is in play
what team would you choose to win? celebapprentice
my interview discussing todays primary contests lead and my stock picks
“donald trump was proven right on another one of his top issues thursday gun free zones at military bases”
the only obvious candidate for the right the don needs to run! it just makes sense
at the foot of whitestone bridge in the bronx offers fantastic views of the manhattan skyline
and yet he refuses to release his iq results to the public what are you hiding mr trump ask obama!
after reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines it makes me wonder why? all i want to do is maga!
my day was made when i read that you will be speaking at my first cpac! i hope you like it!
did a spectacular job hosting the president of france and his wife brigitte every detail was done to perfection the state dining room never looked more beautiful and washington is abuzz over what an incredible job melania did
this is the first election ill be able to vote and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country! trump2016
campaign statement
whats geraldo gameplan runjohnnyrun teamian
just stayed at trump in vegas and dined privately at djt fabulous!
now you have to run for prez
is not afraid to tell the truth and stand up for what he thinks is right gop2016 trump2016 thank you
rubio is weak on illegal immigration with the worst voting record in the us senate in many years he will never make america great again!
celebrityapprentice who will win? find out tonight live season finale at 9 pm et on nbc
meltdown—was it for real? thinks she could be an oscar winner for that performance… celebapprentice
welcome to the new reality! moody’s just downgraded the entire us health insurance industry because of obamacare
i wish youd run for office the country needs more minds like yours thank you
thanks piers greatly appreciated
twitlonger betathats what i find so morally offensive about welfare dependency it robs people of the chance to improve work cont
in my opinion this is the best season of the celebrity apprentice!!
the has your back! trump for prez!
even in australia youre an inspiration! thanks!
it was just announced that song “donaldtrump” went platinum—tell mac miller to kiss my ass!
hillary has called for 550 more syrian immigrants but won’t even mention “radical islamic terrorists” debate…
thanks rick
is my idol
conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes cont
run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotlandwe could use your help cute!
watching is the man
the administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations
report raises questions about ‘clinton cash’ from russians during ‘reset
egypts muslim brotherhood just made its first visit to hamasled gaza why did promote the arab spring?
can you believe the worst mayor in the us and probably the worst mayor in the history of nyc just called me a blow hard!
marco rubio will not win weak on illegal immigration strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a lightweight
i always enjoy listening to you mr trump!! you give great advice! god bless!!
emanuel is nuts period! your sign is wonderful on your building in chicago! thank you
thank you! vote in 2016! makeamericagreatagain
“remember to keep going if you stop your momentum will stop” – think big
wsj covers ride of fame
and should be fired for dishonest reporting thank you for reporting the truth trump2016
spent the night at the trump towerawesome! best lookin building in chitown powerful lookin sign too
after staying at the trump international hotel and tower in nyc everything else seems subpar thank you
if i were american id vote for donald greatest man on the planet
rt trump vows us power will meet north korean threat
i have been watching and loving the united states for many years and have never seen it look weaker or less effective!
rt president trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from paris treaty it would hurt american companies and american wor…
ready for a new eppisode of the celebraty apprentice! yourfired trumprocks
why is the un planning to attack sovereignty and ignore irans nuclear program? the us should look at future funding
is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio fairandbalancedmyass he is weak on illegal immigration!
make no mistake obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer just a disaster
continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the fedup american people
a hurricane will be coming to tampa my convention surprise hits monday night!
rapidly failing magazine hits me for my strong stance against obamas brilliant 5 killers for 1 deserter trade amazing!
i will be having a general news conference on january eleventh in nyc thank you
the council is concerned over the health and safety for the village of blackdog w/ placement of substation
im from england and youre way better then that alan sugarwhoever he is
“ trump has changed the entire debate on immigration” via by jason devaney
well trace will now have a second chance
had it with politicians they never solve problems just do the bidding of donors/lobbyist trump2016
it is important to think positively negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful
i am very excited about hosting today for a fundraiser looking forward to seeing and many other friends
always inspiring me to be my personal best! i appreciate it
today i am standing with patriots in arizona for border security! build a wall! lets make america great again!
you should definitely run for president and fix this country
leading by 13 over landrieu in a poll will beat her in november
every penny i live in south africa they steal everything and anything!
very cool!
watching season 8 of w/ joan on youtube and im hooked! glad i found out about this show! wherehaveibeen
well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of the all stars are hard at work
i have a surprise for a really special kid on thursday’s episode of with
trump national golf club washington dc is situated on 600 acres overlooking the potomac river beautiful! …
donald trump says tough gun control laws in paris contributed to tragedy presidential candidate??
does anybody think that will get their fictitious polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate sad!
purely a political move if he met w/obamamrtrump please put the heat on this clown show!
what are your thoughts on sergio? a great guy!
americas future
i had so much fun doing that interview so different from the usual otr
looking forward to speaking international convention tomorrow morning in charlotte nc
today the blue monster is torn up the trump national is being revolutionized with $200m of renovations
trump natl golf club philadelphia 360 beautiful acres as designed by tom fazio with views of the philly skyline
flashback donald trump $200m plan for doral via trump dorals is one week away!
we need a president who isnt a laughing stock to the entire world we need a truly great leader a genius at strategy and winning respect!
save us youre our only hope! trump2016
run for president pleaseeee
the latest update on bret michaels is that hes making every effort to attend the live finale of celebrity apprentice on sundayso tune in!
cant be bought 2016election
south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands vote now today and make america great again!
fake news media which makes up stories and sources is far more effective than the discredited democrats but they are fading fast!
job tip if you were the employer what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? be that person
my interview with discussing the national housing market unemployment numbers and the fl cont
keep up the great work scottie polls are best ever!
isis made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion leadership!
i would love a tweet back from the uberfamous how do you do it all? i often ask myself that same q!
hannity is the only hope to makeamericagreatagain
as per the show an even more serious cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone
would only join tpp if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to pres obama we already have bilateral deals with six of the eleven nations in tpp and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those nations japan who has hit us hard on trade for years!
jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
what’s strategy to secure the gop nomination? i’ll talk to the republican frontrunner
dopey sugar worth more than $8 billion acknowledged almost no debt
why did lightweight ag eric schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? also recent asks?
the prestigious 800acre boast luxurious event spaces and 5 star restaurants
your mother was such a pretty lady! true considered a great beautythanks
“ i think you should run for president so do many others thanks!” you have my vote
i guess obamas cairo speech really worked out the muslim brotherhood stormed our embassy on 911 imagine if obama speaks in beijing?
dems have been complaining for months and months about dir comey now that he has been fired they pretend to be aggrieved phony hypocrites!
dont forget my book signing tonight at costco on 1250 old country road in westbury ny from 68 pm hope to see you there
morning donald from texas the longhorn state god bless you texas is great!
when nobody wanted the ufc i opened the way by letting them fight at the trump taj mahal in atlantic city dana white has done a great job!
do your homework wasting other peoples time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression think like a billionaire
before you are a leader success is all about growing yourself when you become a leader success is all about growing others jack welch
that isnt even a real number! nice try you will see donald trump by a landslide in 2016!
refugees from syria are now pouring into our great country who knows who they are some could be isis is our president insane?
ask him about cp5 central park 5 yea ask me about the muggers!
the establishment can try all they want to keep from winning they are not stronger than we the people!!
see you in arizona on friday and saturday
cut cap and balance taxed enough already!
sleepy eyes chuck todd a man with so little touch for politics is at it againhe could not have watched my standing ovation speech in nc
just announced that all 1 hour episodes are being expanded to 2 hours—it’s amazing what good ratings will do!
or mentally troubled or a con
ray kelly is the best police commissioner in nyc history keeping nyc safe thru vigilance
trust me i have stayed there a few times for work and it is fantastic!
donald trump if he stops running for president hes not what we the people think he is will never happen!
dona terrible story fact
on this memorial day holiday we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom they are our country’s finest
strange statement by bob corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in 18 tennessee not happy!
thank you fort wayne indiana! trump2016 inprimary
like it or not the new master of the golf universe is donald trump wow thank you ron!
he is delusional believes that he is the 4th best potus ever
rt rt if you agree won the debate big league! maga
because jobs in the us are doing so well americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973 great!
watch episode 2 online again via “nobody out thinks donald trump
you should run for president! thanksvery nice!
she is so sad and pathetic that i almost feel sorry for secsebelius she has done great harm to many people and must be fired incompetent!
enjoyed my visit to trump doral in miami yesterday looking forward to returning for the wgc championship on march 6th10th
donald trump for president 🇺🇸
this will be the best season yetmarch 3rd is the premiere
so many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over tv and the media as though they have great djt insight know nothing!
liar forbes has net worth at $4 billion
rt whats a high priced clinton attorney doing representing a low level it staffer for the democrats? on t…
i am rightcurrent tense
going to charlotte nc to speak before more than 20000 people on saturday morning—total sellout crowd—will be great!
somewhere in that crowd am i the gymnasium was electric the crowd unstoppable and kingly
honored to have republican congressional leadership join me at the this evening lots to discuss as we continue making america great again!
wikileaks emails reveal podesta urging clinton camp to dump emails time to draintheswamp!
outstanding insight on fox this morning trumpforpresidemt
plays a way better fake than a real plays herself
rush limbaugh “if the fbi was so concerned and if they weren’t targeting trump they should have told trump if they were really concerned about the russians infiltrating a campaign hoax then why not try to stop it? why not tell trump? because they were pushing this scam”
rt hi it’s my birthday any chance of a retweet happy birthday!
rt in michigan ‘this is your movement’
id love to see yod.c.resident you can turn this country around! thanks
i really like the koch brothers members of my pb club but i dont want their money or anything else from them cannot influence trump!
via by “trump next president has to be great one”
the spa offers 5 star services w/ 12 treatment rooms and 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline
via by “8 lessons for entrepreneurs that emphasizes”
scandals surround clintons gatekeeper at state draintheswamp
magazine is doing really poorly it has gotten worse and worse over the years and has lost almost all of its former allure!
check out todays video blog i want to answer more of your questions tweet me
was one of the worst performing stocks on the sampp last year plunging 46 very disloyal company another win for trump! boycott
chinas corporate espionage is a continued threat to the american economy with the right leadership it can be stopped
the donald would be huge boost for the nfl such an icon! i know it would be a huge boost to the franchise and nfl
cant wait love this show helps me realize so many things!
i will be making a major announcement today at 12 30 pm pst at trump international hotel tower las vegas cont
ceos most optimistic since 2009 it will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
will be a great event see you in london
wow! letterman show won the ratings last night big timeand guess who was his guest? djt
and thats okay
the federal government is teaching citizens financial literacy while it is running $16t in debt only in america!
focus follow one course until successful midas touch this is a great read thanks
been watching!!! brilliant mr trump he is so awesome!! and real
not a bad ideathanks!
wow interview released by wikileakes shows quid pro quo in crooked hillary email probesuch a dishonest person and paul ryan does zilch!
bob turnergreat guy great businessman will be a great congressman was happy to help him win
check out ivankas new facebook page and keep up with whats happeningfrom the celebrity apprentice to jewlery to free tickets and more
is so right about everything for sure! not olny is he smart he has business experence that makes good prez
it is time republicans stop attacking each other and focus on america cannot survive a second term
entrepreneurs believe in yourself if you don’t no one else will either realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort
all the artsy types need to relax sign looks great doesnt take away anything from the citys architecture thx
the problem is was a weak establishment candidate who couldnt even turn out the base weak at best!
scary thoughtwhat is the pervert anthony weiner doing with all the free time he has does he collect unemployment?
i look forward to you on mondays! always insightful conversations thanks
ill be going to the old post office building on pennsylvania avenue in dc today will create one of worlds great hotels lots of jobs!
the world is noticing thanks!
btw this is a first–i announced the project winner! how did i do? great!
the time is now please get out in front of the herd and announce give us some hope
sucess of mr trump is another success of america 2015
rt quite simply mistreats women bigleaguetruth debate2016
coincidence? more than half of 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs
join me tomorrow in des moines iowa with vice presidentelect at 7 00 pm ! thankyoutour2016 maga…
via “ new york debuts sizzling summer offerings”
obama was very disloyal to wisconsin democrats never showed up to help them even though he cont
i am in florida and looking forward to my meeting with prime minister abe of japan working on trade and military security
i would like to support dt if i knew he was serious about going for it been disappointed more than once just watch!
“money may not grow on trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains” – think like a billionaire
stock market at new alltime high! working on new trade deals that will be great for us and its workers!
cant wait till is president i dont blame you things would get really good really fast!
asktrump send me your questions to answer live from later this afternoon
congratulations to presidentelect electoral votes are in and its official thank you franklin!
the is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control with unfunded liabilitiesbig trouble!
hillary clinton is not a change agent just the same old status quo! she is spending a fortune i am spending very little close in polls!
as of april this year hillary had spent $264000000 on her campaign mrtrump $55000000 self funding
heres a crazy thought maybe trump is gaining traction because hes right?
via realclear politics
enjoy the super bowl!
passion is the start confidence vision and focus are the steps and resilience is the last mile to entrepreneurial success
hopefully the republican national committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in virginias republican party fast!
congratulations and on the successful falconheavy launch this achievement along with commercial and international partners continues to show american ingenuity at its best!
did a great job much of what she said was plain old common sense
i love what you want to do with this country!!
congratulations to on a decisive win this past saturday bill will be a progrowth and proenergy senator
trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility this is not rubios idea
prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in new jersey stay strong and remember it will soon get better
tbt taking piano lessons from my friend elton john
thank you arizona! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain trumptrain
really enjoyed your interviewhonest and stright forward love it!! thanks
dont be so sure!
great to be on tonight with my wonderful family will be rebroadcast at 12 00 am eastern
i will be on in ten minutes enjoy!
france was just stripped of its aaa bond rating with the pm s radical tax rates
thank you for a great afternoon south carolina! see you next tuesday! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
if russia or some other entity was hacking why did the white house wait so long to act? why did they only complain after hillary lost?
small bright spot in lackluster economy travel industry added 81000 jobs in 2012 trump org had a record year
great to have you back for the best season yet!
obamacare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants yet is cutting our troops healthcare cont
last night william shatner had more airtime than any winner it should have been called the william shatner show
unfortunately continued attack on the us $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
a fox contributor isnt smart enough to know what is going on at the border made the point far better!
easier said than done!
obamas speech in las vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer $520 per word and over $16m more money borrowed from china
donald trump will keynote oakland county republicans lincoln day dinner via record crowd expected
celebrity apprentice is so good 2night! everyone going in hard to not get fired! favorite monday tv show luvit
thank you for your support and friendship governor trump2016
is my hero! have never had so much fun watching celebapprentice
why do you give scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbinescausing massive taxes and e bills
amazing job in iowa! cruz just barely won
thank you jim justice it was my great honor to be with the amazing people of west virginia today! maga
we need some one like you are you putting your hat in the ring i sure hope so
when will present an actual budget? enough with the games
your performance was great last nightbq will win
rt getting the job done! sen mitch mcconnell delays august recess to work on health care bill
via by “matchless name recognition and deep pockets make trump a threat in iowa”
“money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep scorethe excitement is playing the game”–the art of the deal
sarah jessica parker voted “unsexiest woman alive” – i agree she said “it’s beneath me to comment on the
confessionnight i want to one day slap donald trump in the face but remember dummy he hits back really hard!
can you imagine if obama had to give todays press conference before the election? he would have lost really blew it
thanks brad
“golfer bids $130000 for round with donald trump” in scotland for charity via evening express
we seriously need for president trumpforpresident
mitt romney did great in the debate last night
great job on the larry king live gulf telethon last night$13 million was raised in 2 hours
mike leachs lessons his takeaways from geronimos life are fascinating and useful whether in boardroom or locker room
audience chanting run trump run! during my my speech! they are going to be very happy
many democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the dnc convention in charlotte smart politics!
the two fake news polls released yesterday abc and nbc while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in general e watch!
do you think the 14 african nations that are banning west africans from coming into their nations are racist?
the chicago machine is scared shows that will run on a conservative and coherent platform 85 days until victory!
fyi trump2016 appeal grows!
wrong!
can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the us for the freedom of traitor bergdahl just another bad deal!
being rejected by mlb bud selig is a good thing a good decision!
the comes to miami on march 6th when the returns to see you there!
just finished my second speech 20k in dayton and 25k in cleveland perfectly behaved crowd thanks i love you ohio!
i love how you handle the haters you mean the haters and losers!
thank you to the for the accurate and very discriptive story on my speech in alabama last night it was a great evening!
show me someone without an ego and ill show you a loser donald trump
why is pursuing environment destroying windmills when quit because of no cont
why are you not running for president in 2016 well see what happens!
horrific incident in fl praying for all the victims and their families when will this stop? when will we get tough smart and vigilant?
i will be interviewed on at 9 00 am i will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled republican primaries!
…create peace and great prosperity for his land i look forward to meeting him and have a feeling that this onetime opportunity will not be wasted!
knows nothing about me or my religion came to my office looking for work i had no interest i will save the vets!
donald trump appeared on the final episode of the jay leno show to deliver a very special message
my dad is a korean and vietnam vet 51 years total with govt hes 81 and sharp as a tack you got his vote go donald
by popular demand i will be tweeting on the very tainted academy awards tonight!
is back on the dl the coming suspension will be announced soon by
off to stay at the trump chicago end of the holidays dinner with the fam
it is truly an honor that his eminence archbishop of new york will be delivering the benediction at the convention
i answered some of your questions in todays video
excited to keynote of the soldout pottawattamie county republican party lincoln/reagan dinner tonight! leaving now!
the obamacare website is unfixable and rumor has it that they will stop checks and balances—a freeforall that will cost the country trillions
3 minutes
the world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere yet crude is over $87/barrel should be $25 at the most
no he cant and will not run great man yes not worth the mud slinging dont be so sure!
why are we continuing to train these afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? afghanistan is a complete waste time to come home!
had an incredible day at trump bedminster bravo mr trump great
more and more americans seem fed up with both partiesi agree
happy easter to everyone!
740 park avenue is being robbed all over the placewe come down hard on thieves at trump buildings
my interview discussing how should release his college applications and records
a top rated ny course by provides award winning services and exceptional facilities
much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation the art of the deal
make sure to tune in to allstar celebrity this sunday at 9 pm est for another round of fireworks and surprises!
landing in phoenix now tomorrows events will be amazing! trump2016
best view in chicago tonight
crippled america is an incredible book! people need to read truth hispanicsfortrump democratsfortrump
without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing donald trump so very true!
russia beat the united states in the olympicsanother obama embarrassment! isnt it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
i campaigned on creating a meritbased immigration system that protects us workers and taxpayers watch raiseact
celebrated doctor will be a tremendous senator louisiana – send a conservative to the senate vote for bill this november!
whats with the soft wimpy questions?!? its not a therapy session !! not really soft at all!
thank you laura!
wake up america china is eating our lunch
true and not good!
rt we love our deplorables!!! trumptrain debates2016
no surprise is letting the muslim brotherhood in egypt default on their us loans big mistake!
join me in fayetteville north carolina tomorrow evening at 6 pm tickets now available at
you cant make a leader mr trump was born a leader! thank you
“you have to be positive every single day positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success” – think like a champion
merry christmasmy favorite billionaire! thanks!
we desperately need someone that looks out for our great country dropping supplies into enemy hands is inconceivable
remember when i said when saddam hussein fell the new leader of iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the us even more welcome isis!
i believe made a deal with the saudis to increase oil production until after the election then cont
donald trump by will forever be one of my favs 💕 i understand why!
the amateur on his trip to afghanistan our commanderinchief disclosed the cia chief’s name unsafe disaster!
state treasurer john kennedy is my choice for us senator from louisiana early voting today election next saturday
if you were president how many jobs could you create in 4 years? more than ever before!
trump2016?
he should be ignored foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies he has zero chance to beat
sounds like it!
thank you to bob woodward who said that is a garbage documentit never should have been presentedtrumps right to be upset angry
reckless! why is wasting over $70 billion on climate change activities? will he ever learn?
friends of mine who are driving cadillacsit is becoming a very hot carare raving about what a great job has done
merry christmas to all have a great day and have a really amazing year together we will make america great again! it will be done!
im on tonight and @ 10 pm discussing immigration and lots of other things letsmakeamericagreatagain
wind turbines are ugly and a fraud remove them uk is going down the gutter
trump tuesday tomorrow at 7 38 am
via donald trump i can fix america
imagination is more important than knowledge albert einstein
sadly they and others are fake news and the public is just beginning to figure it out!
agreed we need our troops on the streets of chicago not in syria
as a professional handicapper is a 3/5 favorite for presidency hotsteam unload
i am not just running against crooked hillary clinton i am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media but i will win!
you are the light the only human who can guide this nation to the eagles wings and lands beyond!!!
trump will win i know it
unemployment is now 79 four years and $65t later that is really bad!
id love to see you up against putin itd be quite a match! i would win!
rt coming up at 720a et on see you there! 🇺🇸 maga
my rallies are not covered properly by the media they never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm
tonight melania and i were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the – and wish them all a very happyhanukkah
shut up trump im unfollowing you great but you wont stop loseryou have no control!
now we will never know if would have been able to fill bank of america stadium pretty convenient
if you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read the art of the comeback
hi sage
announced w/ that we will bring to and to trump bedminster
the games are so boring now that actually i’m glad i didn’t get the bills boring games too many flags too soft!
entrepreneurs ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit
if once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens you can never regain their respect and their esteem abraham lincoln
trump is our last hope to make america great again trump2016 so true!
is a really dumb guyand i know him well—that’s why he works swimmingly with our leaders in washington
rt do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done no challenge can match the heart and fight and spirit of america…
is a sad case a total embarrassment to both himself and his family he just announced he will continue to spend on trump hit ads!
the state of virginia economy under democrat rule has been terrible if you vote ed gillespie tomorrow it will come roaring back!
the threat from radical islamic terrorism is very real just look at what is happening in europe and the middleeast courts must act fast!
obama is making speeches excoriating the republicans and they never answer back why aren’t they fighting?
didnt shine as governor in nys why would he become president of the united states true!
a signed copy of crippled america makes a great gift order and join my live streaming book signing event on 12/3
“listen to others but never negate your own instincts” – trump never give up
our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth
will be on meet the press with tomorrow morning enjoy!
congratulations to all the trump 2012 missuniverse contestants who came from across the world you did great and made us all proud!
thats why we are angry the republican establishment will not support you you are who the american people want!
i can’t believe my friend derek jeter is out for whole seasoninjured day he left trump world tower lucky bldg move back fast!
our great vpe is in louisiana campaigning for john kennedy for us senate john will be a tremendous help to us in washington
‏ perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz once you went on it was over! your taste sucks!
“todays putoff objectives reduce tomorrows achievements” henry banks
tremendous backlash against the nfl and its players for disrespect of our country standforouranthem🇺🇸
congratulations to on her big ratings win for the evening news diane is a spectacular person
good morning america is thrilled is working for the means almost guaranteed success for
i think im getting addicted to power and his voice celebrityapprentice yourfired
congratulations to news for suspending brian ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the russia russia russia witch hunt more networks and “papers” should do the same with their fake news !
i wanna be when i grow up p ! work hard and smart!
i am convinced that if had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over scotland the vote would have been much better for him!
thanks ric
will be interviewed by tonight by phone a late show first enjoy! colbert lssc
with a stupid guy like jonah goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me no wonder the nro is doing so poorly
the isis thug who murdered american journalist james foley may have been gitmo detainee if so why was he released?
how does a dummy like get a television showamp his ratings stink youd think could do a lot better
“out of clutter find simplicity from discord find harmony in the middle of difficulty lies opportunity”–albert einstein
lyin ted cruz who can never beat hillary clinton and has no path to victory has chosen a vpcandidate who failed badly in her own effort
our relationship with russia is worse now than it has ever been and that includes the cold war there is no reason for this russia needs us to help with their economy something that would be very easy to do and we need all nations to work together stop the arms race?
thank you to our amazing wounded warriors for their service it was an honor to be with them tonight in dc…
would be better then jeb bush by a whole lot!
crooked hillary should not be allowed to run for president she deleted 33000 emails after getting a subpoena from us congress rigged!
paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests
has been a foreign policy disaster for the american people i will makeamericastrongagain debate…
starting to develop a much better relationship with pakistan and its leaders i want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts
gopers eye donald trump for governor run via by
i got to know very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
today both and are giving speeches on their economic policies in ohio the choice is cont
please explain to the very dumb and failing that i supported john mccain big league in 2008 not obama!
enjoy the ratings of president obama
congratulations to on leading virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year he is a fantastic governor
i will make my final decision on the paris accord next week!
thank you to brad blakeman on for grading year one of my presidency with an “a”and likewise to doug schoen for the very good grade and statements working hard!
sometimes when you innovate you make mistakes it is best to admit them quickly and get on with other innovations steve jobs
you would not even believe how dirty and disgusting his property isclean it with joke glenfiddich
happy to have passed 800000 followers looking forward to passing 1m sooner than later
the nypd has been doing a fantastic job protecting nyc i hope chief ray kelly is strongly considering running for mayor
a message for hollywood
happy hanukkah
wowgreat! thanks
wow great postdebate poll trump increases lead via breitbart
killed it on
ps 42 in queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for rockaway residents hurricanesandyrelief
the ratings for the celebrity apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time it was a terrific season congrats to everyone!
we are making great progress with healthcare obamacare is imploding and will only get worse republicans coming together to get job done!
thanks for spreading the truth about china and all donald trump you rock brother donny stjohn sag actor
my endorsement he also wanted to be secretary of state i said no thanks he is also largely responsible for the horrendous iran deal!
rt join presidentelect trump live from mobile alabama via his facebook page! thankyoutour2016 watch
im just about done with fox news !
whenever you see the words sources say in the fake news media and they dont mention names
why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the park? what about their criminal records?
today on long island we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the hands of ms13 i was truly honored to be joined again by the courageous families who were my guests at the state of the union
congrats to on todays inauguration and having done a great job!
cant believe all the hate trump gets hearing him and go backampforth is good radio simple as that!
interesting read from peggy noonan
hrc is using the oldest play in the dem playbook when their policies fail they are left w/this one tired argument!
it was an honor to have the amazing root family join me in iowa i have been so inspired by their courage and bravery
my conversation from on the record
next president i can tell you one thing we would have a great country againin fact better than ever!
trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better!
my foxbusiness interview with don imus discussing timetogettough the gop primary and the news max debate
let us never negotiate out of fear but let us never fear to negotiatejohn f kennedy inaugural address january 1961
omarosa of this season kenya!!!
tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide/huffpost pollster gop
in the last 24 hrs we have raised over $13m from online donations and national call day and we’re still going! thank you america! maga
what a great evening we had so interesting that sanders beat crooked hillary the dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
yesterday was veterans day i hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored this nation loves and respects all of you
i look forward to attending and speaking at the iowa land investment expo—total sellout crowd
donaldtrump for president! give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! youd have my vote!
terrific response to my previous tweet i’ll be in dallas at the american airlines center on sept 14th at 6 pm …
are you happy with current polls? congrats on the success so far
i hope the mexican judge is more honest than the mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me
knows that i think his news cast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night
because he speaks and acts like a real person not like a slimy calculated politician
way to go rory fantastic victory!
“we would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible” vince lombardi
putin has become a big hero in russia with an all time high popularity obama on the other hand has fallen to his lowest ever numbers sad
there is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed should move fast death penalty!
we cant destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming china is thrilled with us!
honored to serve as commanderinchief to the courageous men and women of our us armed forces a grateful nation thanks you!
i understand your message
my description of future president or potus 45 or worst nightmare
thank you for amazing tribute to my mom beyond touched xx celebrityapprentice
i predict that president obama will at some point attack iran in order to save face!
true! and you are one of them a great investor thank you
i look forward to the debate on thursday night and it is certainly my intention to be very nice and highly respectful of the other candidates
our american comeback story begins 11/8/16 together we will make america safe and great again for everyone! watch …
kate gosselin is low key good at these tasks celebapprentice
i promise to do a new trumpvlog when i get back next week lots of requests thanks!
real joke is your misleading ads that were deemed so all politicswindfarms are in big troublei will win!
trump supports rolling thunder rally trump strong so true and remember the mias!
awesome job on letterman great interview!
my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers their families and everybody at the
nobody is watching anymore gone off the deep end bad ratings you wont believe what i am watching now!
how about the uk? any expansion plans here? thinkbig yes big plans!
great mtg w/ today tomorrow i will be announcing the new head of the fed i think you will be extremely impressed by this person!
if donald puts his mind to it he’ll have this country in its best spot since reagan! i agree thanks!
today i spoke convocation a great crowd
was great today on she gets what is going on in politics and sees it very clearly have her on more!
thank you south bend indiana! everyone get out and votetrump tomorrow! inprimary
please run you are republicans only hope 🙏
after watching w/ on it made me realise how good a president trump will make trump2016
love your ties!!
thanks dave
china is now given preference to buy us debt by going directly to treasury i dont believe knows that he selling us out
obama’s nuclear deal with the iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the middle east it has to be stopped
we should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever must be very strong to prosper and survive
act as if what you do makes a difference it does william james
ratings challenged reports so seriously that i call president obama and clinton the founder of isis and mvp they dont get sarcasm?
i hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of hillary clinton as exposed by wikileaks she is unfit to run
the lights went out in new orleansthe countrys lights went out also we are not the same place!
no one is even close to trump
departing the pentagon after meetings with pence secretary james mattis and our great teams maga🇺🇸
i cant remember a candidate that ive been this excited about dont let us down! we believe! landslide
greatest easter greeting ever rt“ i wish everyone including the haters and losers a very happy easter!”
the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good but the words will be the key
thanksfood for thought!
since all of your predictions have been spot on! true!
it was my great honor to have lunch with our incredible us and rok troops at camp humphreys in south korea 🇺🇸🇰🇷
the senate democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 presidential nominees they cant win so all they do is slow things down and obstruct!
will only get higher car companies and others if they want to do business in our country have to start making things here again win!
im a fresh in college and i dream of being half the entrepreneur you are donald you will do great
i regret voting for o i thought he would be great hes spineless and weak worst prez ever clearly
just watched your speech at the national press club fantastic as usual please consider 2016 we need fantastic leadership
will be speaking with italy this morning!
such a great honor final debate polls are in and the movement wins! americafirst maga imwithyou…
2017jambo remember your duty honor your history take care of the people god puts into your life – and love and cherish your country!
you know whats making my christmas great family/food/friendsampyou! i have my trump shirt on w/hope in my heart for america
entrepreneurs be tough be smart be personable but dont take things personally thats good business
been a long time since cnn was great could learn lessons in greatness from you and fox news true!
arod must be dropped in the yankees lineup tonight if they want to win he simply cant perform without drugs
hillary clintons campaign continues to make false claims about foundation disclosure
today we honor billy graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored we say a prayer for our country that all across this land the lord will raise up men and women like billy graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of god
wins 1011 o’clock hour in all key ratings demographics including most importantly the 1849 age group
or never give up theyre all my favorite though read them all! thanksgood luck!
dt your sign is one of the only beacons of hope the youth of chicago have left!
its morning in america again!!! ☀️☀️☀️thank you presidentelect donald trump!!! so proud of you!!!! thanks!
thank you south carolina! everyone has to get out and vote on 11/8/16 makeamericagreatagain…
for president please at least make a run for it
not the world only your tiny group of viewersthe world doesnt care about you youre too stupid to cont
hillary can never win over bernie supporters her foreign wars nafta/tpp support and wall street ties are driving away millions of votes
also i want to hit new course ferry point when it opens views cant be beat
looking forward to 3 30 pm meeting today at the white house we have to protect and build our steel and aluminum industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends and treat us fairly on both trade and the military
welcome to ireland!very much looking forward to sampling trumpluxury on my home soil! doonbeg thank you!
i read comments that “the lights are dimming on gambling in florida”—nothing could be worse for the state
rt sean hannitys big week top ratings probing reporting and let there be light at american thinker h…
is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention
i tried watching but fell asleep
be sure to watch celebapprentice on sunday night at 9 pm on nbc another great episode!
go out and vote this will be the most important election of our time!
why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like hugh hewitt be doing the next debate on he is just a 3rd rate gotcha guy!
glad your having a great start to your week! keep it going! run for president! we need you!
is always kicking ass theapprentice trump2016 trumpforpresident nevergiveup
the mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size einstein
iraq is being ravaged by al qaeda country in utter chaos and all oil is going to iran and china terrible mistake!
i plan on becoming just as successful and big as in business greatwork hard!
rt crumbs are still coming maga
uh oh… and once again reunite in the board room in next week’s ‘allstar’ fireworks!
congratulations to tom brady he is a great quarterback and a great champion!
rt looking forward to hosting the annual easter egg roll at the on monday!
tennessee gop poll 327cruz 165carson 66rubio 53christie 24jeb 16
a great guy with great ratings!
admiral mcraven had full operational control of the bin laden mission gave vague directions
who will run the trump empire when trump sr is president?
something used on occasion by many of the worlds greatest businessmen
if runs for president he has my vote thanks!
people still watch that? thanks!
sen corker is the incompetent head of the foreign relations committee and look how poorly the us has done he doesnt have a clue as
so far this is one of the best interviews with trump!! thank you
sanctuary cities released at least 142 gang members across the united states making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed we are doing a great job of law enforcement but things such as this make safety in america difficult!
donald would definitely get us out of the deep doodoo and debt bo has driven us into he has common/economic sense
not only does the media give a platform to hate groups but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets!
so general flynn lies to the fbi and his life is destroyed while crooked hillary clinton on that now famous fbi holiday “interrogation” with no swearing in and no recording lies many timesand nothing happens to her? rigged system or just a double standard?
looks like needs to call in to the two of howards all time top 5
mr trump is mr nyc lets make him mr president i am ready to workit to get you in!
“go as far as you can see when you get there youll be able to see farther” j p morgan
mitt romneywho totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool is now playing tough guy
thank you! we will make america great again! trump2016
wow timmythanks
dummy tiny fragrance deal with parlux means nothing still sold at trump tower
watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful republicans are in a much stronger position than they think
on point as always!
i enjoyed interview with on need more interviews like that thanks
“allstar celebrity apprentice” ranked 1 for the 10 o’clock hour among abc cbs and nbc with a seasonhigh 19 margin
it is the same fake news media that said there is no path to victory for trump that is now pushing the phony russia story a total scam!
rt is here to talk about the real issues bigleaguetruth debates2016
great honor to receive todays endorsement of really nice! trump2016
“if you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles” sun tzu
re negotiation view any conflict as an opportunity be a diplomat as much as possible
i always said obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country the storm could be very good for him as he cont
i made a great deal of money in atlantic city but left years ago when i saw so many political mistakes being made i have zero involvement!
for president thank you!
disproven and paid for by democrats “dossier used to spy on trump campaign did fbi use intel tool to influence the election?” did dems or clinton also pay russians? where are hidden and smashed dnc servers? where are crooked hillary emails? what a mess!
we have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in puerto rico outside of the fake news or politically motivated ingrates
i want to encourage all of my many texas friends to vote in the primary for governor greg abbott senator ted cruz lt gov dan patrick and attorney general ken paxton they are helping me to make america great again! vote early or on march 6th
looking forward to meeting you at cpac2014 … askhardquestions great!
watch miss usa 2013 sunday night at 9 pm et live from planet hollywood las vegas
a record 12 million americans have left the job force during recovery dont trust the job numbers
durst is a disaster at operating the new world trade center it takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security
i truly love all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies there is a great silent majority looming!
mr trump sir how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? all of them? all!
make america safe and great again! trumppence16
teams are making a big mistake not taking johnny manziel he is going to be really good and exciting to watch
booked vip clients to playing at the trump course in palos verdes fnn greatbest course in california!
we should never have gone into iraq but once in should have gotten out a lot faster make america great again!
in all of television the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory was dopey he should be fired!
i always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs they are hungry motivated and eager to learn proves america can still be great
china must continue to be strong and tight on the border of north korea until a deal is made the word is that recently the border has become much more porous and more has been filtering in i want this to happen and north korea to be very successful but only after signing!
via by “donald trump don’t politicize walter scott shooting”
effective today my administration officially declared the opioidcrisis a national public health emergency under federal law
i like mexico and love the spirit of mexican people but we must protect our borders from people from all over pouring into the us
youre right mr trump i am fed up with politicians! we need you to lead america and make our nation great
is gonna do some great things! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
mr trump what book of yours do you think i should read first? my first book the art of the deal
great first day with world leaders at the g20summit here in hamburg germany looking forward to day two! usa
great point! freedom is not free and the american people are tired of paying for it! its time for other nations to pay up!
congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the usss as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary thank you! ➡️
yup 200 polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not trump
for president !
love the new sign!
i knew when i heard him say it you would speak up good on ya!
negotiation tip always go into the deal anticipating the worst
if had such a wonderful academic record why wouldnt he want to show it?
china is filling the vacuum left by obama at the un on the world stage
you should run for president mr trump! youre a great man and i would love to see what you could do for the united states!
and “vaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccine”
if obamacare should not be repealed then why has obama and congress exempted their staffs?
i liked donald trump on the to night show with david letterman thanks!
congrats to of trumpcollections trumpchicago on being a james beard semifinalist via
it’s amazing how people can talk about me but i’m not allowed to talk about them
together we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction with unity and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need working together we will defeat this opioidepidemicfull opioid summit
go trump
watch eric at 9 am est today on fox 5 w/ and david price to discuss eric trump foundations $20 million donation to st jude
if all the hispanics hate the why was he surrounded by so many hispanics at the border?
never gonna happenid like it too but he wont run keep watching!
make sure you get on the trump line and are not mislead by the cruz people they are bad! be careful
i wish everyone including the haters and losers a very happy easter!
illegal immigrant children nonmexicans surge across border at record rate
“ happy 8th anniversary to way to go mrtrump! great beautyperson!
my interview with wmur’s at nhfreedomsummit
i have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world i employ thousands of people why am i the enemy?
me voting it really is my hair!
the devastation left by hurricane irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought but amazing people working hard!
please please run! this country is going down the drain and it cant continue
happy veteransday to all and it is nice to have sgt andrew tahmooressi back home
twitlonger betathe military threat from china is gigantic and its no surprise that the communist chinese government lies cont
the only way the usa is going to be saved from destruction is if runs for president weneedyou
i just started reading trump 101 its a great book mrtrump terrific!
jonah goldberg of the once great national review is truly dumb as a rock why does put this dummy on his show?
all the contestants have arrived to compete in trump miss universe pageant in las vegas today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific!
lightweight just got his ass kicked by trump!
should definitely run for president in 2016! what a true american
i never asked comey for personal loyalty i hardly even knew this guy just another of his many lies his “memos” are self serving and fake!
congratulations to on winning the pga championship great job!
playing politics with the keystone decision? vetos 20000 jobs and cheaper oil
general michael flynn will make a great secretary of defense when you become potus! makeamericasafeagain
obamacare contains marriage penalty taxes why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare?
subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate nafta relationships are gooddeal very possible!
rt consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004📈
i do complain
my interview with on on behalf of discussing why michigan needs to go for romney
what a coincidence?! campaign logo uses the same font as cuban communist propaganda posters
how did you enjoy maralago? it was nice having you theremy people thought you were terrific!
lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent the point lake and golf club on lake norman in cont
so nice to see one last look at ms joan rivers on celebrityapprentice
i opposed going into iraq hillary voted for it as with everything else shes supported it was a disaster
the trump signature collection exclusively available at tops all menswear styles dress to impress!
thank you to the incredible law enforcement officers from the palm beach county sheriff’s office they keep us safe and are very cool about it!
the opening of trumpscotland an exciting day on perhaps the worlds best golf course watch the video
join us tomorrow in kiawah south carolina! scprimary votetrumpsc trump2016
because i will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie roadhard
make america great again! iacaucus caucusfortrump
thank you!!! love buffalo! my great honor!
family group shot wwehof
congrats to celebrating 51 consecutive months as the 1 honolulu hotel on
the real person of the year! wow!
he is the best person for the job
i can’t believe the great got canned by he was a fantastic reporter and really knew entertainment he will be missed!
my @ wcnc news interview w/ touring the magnificent trump national charlotte course and facilities
can i get a happy 21st birthday wish from you? huge fan of you and the apprentice
is up! up! up! no other candidate is even close!! trump2016 potus
our economy is struggling and opec continues to rip us off output is low and the price is too high they ar… cont
fantastic
trump2016 he gets things done ! so true!
2 be totally focused being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort
tell john he is a total winner!
watch now on podesta and russia!
donald trump’s breaks $1m for comedian adam carolla new crowdfunding site sets record
“labor disgraces no man unfortunately you occasionally find men who disgrace labor” gen ulysses s grant
this mexican here loves you man!! keep doing your thing mexicolovestrump great!
via taking seriously tcot ccot very interesting check it out!
via by “donald trump on snow salt vaccines and the oval office”
i watched russell brand and i think his mind is fried he looks really bad russell is a total joke a dummy who is lost!
the massive tax cuts/reform that i have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule big benefits to all!
why dont you put a trump fence up and do us all a favor great idea
i would finally register to vote if you ran you would be an awesome president
courageous patriots have fought and died for our great american flag we must honor and respect it! make america great again!
amen mr trump! run for president we need a strong leader! stay tuned!
we need someone with experience to rebuild america makeamericagreatagain
in miami tracking $250m renovations will be americas top resort just signed for 10 yr ext
has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting
great day of bilateral meetings at aseansummit on trade which we are turning around to be great deals for our country!
me too! im such a big fan of !!
what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton
china just agreed that the us will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into china once again this is real news !
if mrtrump would run he would be the best president ever thanks!
great interview! happy you had a chance to show the other side of you never change never forget you are our messenger!
welcome home aya! godblesstheusa🇺🇸
i really love reading your books you should write more books! thanks!
w/ signature trump amenities 5 star rooms and worldclass restaurants brings excellence to hawaii
entrepreneurs we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day every moment
pecfect! why arent you president?
china has hacked another us government body will we learn?
as everybody is aware the past administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a north korean labor camp but to no avail stay tuned!
will be on in 5 minutes at 7 00 enjoy!
just left the set of the apprentice the live show tonight will be fantastic and something very big and very different is going to happen
we love trump
thank you speaker trump2016
more thoughts on the debt ceiling in todays trumpvlog
i am very truthful!
russia started their antius campaign in 2014 long before i announced that i would run for president the results of the election were not impacted the trump campaign did nothing wrong no collusion!
no surprise that is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism any network that air’s garbage has zero credibility
feels good to be home after seven months but the white house is very special there is no place like it and the us is really my home!
this is an outrage! biasfree language guide claims the word american is problematic what?!
are you serious about being president? i have a lot of faith in you thank you
i bet if he were running this country we wouldnt be in this mess!!truegreat again!
or buy my books or chocolate or water or my clothing line and make me money dopey!
must watch for all georgians new ad “secure our border michelle nunn supports amnesty and obamacare
thank you south carolina! trump2016
botox botox botox botox
have a great rally !!! trump2016
the last thing this country needs is another bush!
if you have built castles in the air your work need not be lost that is where they should be now put the foundations under them thoreau
i gave away money go to to see how im helping people fundanything entrepreneurs giveback
yet another terrorist attack this time in turkey willthe world ever realize what is going on? so sad
and very dishonest in not showing the new poll where i am at 39 21points higher than cruz be honest chuck!
work hard and love what you do! i left corporate became a fireman at 37 great!
mr trump as a young sales professional what one of your books would you recommend i read? start with art of the deal
love that show hope im out of the hosp in time to catch the premiereget well!
a true honor considers asking for college transcripts a donald trump question release it!
dopey o’donnell whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings said that my apprentice $ numbers were wrong he is a fool!
you are my 1 man please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else! thanks
hi chris!
via by bring back jobs from overseas” lets make america great again!
as one of my lifelong role models and someone ive looked up to in every aspect of life you have my vote mr trump!
i will be retweeting some of your better most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets make them good great! important stuff
the chinese are illegally dumping birdkilling wind turbines on our shores only one of many grievanceswe should act
he was a great friend of mineloyal guy
dateline nbc featuring yours truly just set a season high in households in the ratings—no wonder nbc likes me so much!
“chalk failure up to experience don’t take it personally and go find your next challenge” – trump never give up
voters understand that crooked hillarys negative ads are not true just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity
obama said in his sotu that “global warming is a fact” sure about as factual as “if you like your healthcare you can keep it”
heading back from a very exciting two days in davos switzerland speech on america’s economic revival was well received many of the people i met will be investing in the usa! maga
a great day in puerto rico yesterday while some of the news coverage is fake most showed great warmth and friendship
i know exactly what it is and youre it thanks
isnt it intetesting that anybody who attacks president obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
rt final push! eric and i doing dozens of radio interviews we can win this thing! get out and vote! maga electionday ht…
youre brilliant! i know but thanks anyway!
rebuild the unitedstates not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
davidthank you my great honor for a very worthy cause!
thank you willie robertson! votetrump makeamericagreatagain
no!
we have large trade deficits with mexico and canada nafta which is under renegotiation right now has been a bad deal for usa massive relocation of companies and jobs tariffs on steel and aluminum will only come off if new and fair nafta agreement is signed also canada must
join me in oklahoma tomorrow night! makeyoutubegreatagain trump2016
nyc course just opened and it is spectacular thank you joe!
thanks good choice and good luck
photo from a recent episode of saying those two famous words!
just arrived in italy after having a very successful nato meeting in brussels told other nations they must pay more not fair to us
friendly friday michael jackson with donald trump michael
the world bank is tying poverty to ‘climate change’ and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective
the world as we know it is falling apart much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the united states is no longer respected!
would rather have a dynamic experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office donaldtrump
join me tonight in fayetteville north carolina at 7 pm ! thankyoutour2016 tickets
senate concludes “benghazi could have been prevented”
sorry for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on fox and friends on monday am no go in dubai
iranian weapons killing americans in iraq? what are u doing about this?
do u like lettermans show? yes much smarter than leno
vote for your favorite contestant the 2013 missusa fan vote at !
hope to see you tomorrow in trump tower 5th ave betw 56 and 57 ill be signing copies of my book timetogettough from noon until 2 pm
re florida power and light—most important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics and not ruin the beauty of florida
please run for president your the only one who can fix this mess obama created i agree!
have a great and peaceful memorial day but remember there are people out there who dont want us to have peace we must be strong!!!!
congrats to priebus a really good and talented man we’re proud of you reince!
iran must immediately allow christian pastorsaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions which should never have been lifted
to become a champion fight one more round james j corbett long ago heavyweight champion
this is your land this is your home and its your voice that matters the most so speak up be heard and fight fight fight for the change youve been waiting for your entire life!merry christmas and thank you pensacola florida!
happy thanksgiving!
donald trump surges in poll among likely republican voters
what they are saying about mike pence “dominating” the debate vpdebate
he will win in 2016
to all americans happynewyear and many blessings to you all! looking forward to a wonderful and prosperous 2017 as we…
must read f/@ weeklystandard by “obamacare mythmaking five phony success stories”
“learn work and think in equal proportions and you’ll be going in the right direction” – think like a champion
kellyanne conway went to this morning for an interview with dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes terrible!
senator lindsey graham called me yesterday very much to my surprise and we had a very interesting talk about national security and more!
where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is noneonly backwards
you have run a wonderful campaign good luck today!
where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids eric has a great heart!
should be defeated in the primaries graduated last in his class at annapolisdummy!
pm sarah westcotwilliams incompetence should not be rewarded you should vote for anyone who runs against her—loser!
played the new trump doral this morning! should be great for next week! thx sergio u will do great next week see u then
obamacare must be fully repealed or it will destroy americas small businesses
air force trump ahead of 2016 the donald slams romney bush in south carolina via by
my interview discussing 2012 election polls current trip and the us housing and land market
one season ends and another starts already casting for the next great news for charity$13 million so far
love the glasses a sophisticated look!
is the kind of president we need! true!
will be going to detroit michigan love today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to state and us already happening!
did an awesome job on david letterman! thanks!
rt donald trumps amazing golf swing crookedhillary
the $25 billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees stupid!
bidens sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching vpdebate
is one of my role models thanks!
cant wait for the new season of apprentice but we still need ur business sense for our nation! thanks!
celebapprentice who will hear those two famous words? premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on nbc
shouldnt give additional tax returns until gives his passport records college records and applications
president you for inviting melania and myself to such a historic celebration in france bastilleday 14juillet
im 22 my company owns $6 million worth of multifamily properties i started because of you any advice?great
haha i love how you just tell like it is! you arent who you are by not doing just that!
the middleclass has worked so hard are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of and no effective raise in years bad
donald trump for president! please run no one will defeat you thank you!
today i delivered remarks at the 36th annual national peace officers memorial service nationalpoliceweekwatch…
tell me which is “cooler”—my induction into the hall of fame or my star on the hollywood walk of fame?
just be tough be strong be willing to learn – and you will learn don’t be afraid of mistakes or setbacks think like a champion
just as i predicted obamacare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own may never be fully implemented
if justice roberts had done the right thing and voted against obamacare our country would be in a lot better shape right now! total turmoil
join my team tonight at 8 30 pm e!
celebrityapprentice season finale tonight!! great show!
join me in delaware ohio tomorrow at 12 30 pm ! draintheswamp tickets
america needs a businessman to run the countrynot a politician with zero business acumen
really enjoyed my interview with he is terrific!
just as i have been predicting for years iraq will fall to the people that hate the us the most just outside of baghdadkeep the oil
whyimnotvotingforhillary because ill be voting for
will be on tonight at 9 00 will be talking about everything!
my honor thanks!
thank you to chris cox and bikers for trump your support has been amazing i will never forget make america great again!
we had repeal and replace done and the saving to our country of one trillion dollars except for one person but it is getting done anyway individual mandate is gone and great less expensive plans will be announced this month drug prices coming down and right to try!
the ground zero mosque should not go up where planned it is wrong my offer still stands to buy the property good deal for everyone
why was selling guns to mexican drug dealers?
maralago in palm beach is one of the most exclusive and elite clubs in the world w/award winning amenities
baseball player ryan braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty ashell!
loving this look back at the best of celebrityapprentice ❤️😃
president obama close down the flights from ebola infected areas right now before it is too late! what the hell is wrong with you?
why dont you invest in the usa since youre the greatest patriot? i do big league!
wish we had politicians that were like you maybe the we could cut some debt then 2016 thanks!
pres obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ hawaii putting secret service away from families on christmas aloha!
why isnt using the much newer poll when discussing how well i am doing instead of the older q poll? cnn even better!
definitely a great book! think like a champion to be a champion! thanks
much of the money i have raised for our veterans has already been distributed with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups
i’ve sent a 10wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of queens today trumpcares
one of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after gaffes i feel sorry for his spokespeople
thanks ann
95 of americans will pay less or at worst the same amount of taxes mostly far less the dems only want to raise your taxes!
thanks tylar
the interview by jeffrey lord a trump card the donald talks politics and parenting
failing host a mental basketcase loves superpacs in other words he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
julian assange said a 14 year old could have hacked podesta why was dnc so careless? also said russians did not give him the info!
great read “hollywood can kiss adam corollas ass hes going trump funding” via
tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists and special interests the bosses!
great numbers on the economy all of our work including the passage of many bills and regulation killing executive orders now kicking in!
great day for tax cuts and the republican party but the biggest winner will be our great country!
what the celebrity apprentice and as a cowboy fan im rooting for u!!! 💕
re my scottish course “quite simply this is not the best new links course in the uk it is the best links course full stop
people will be very surprised by our ground game on nov 8 we have an army of volunteers and people with great spirit! they want to maga!
just made the point at ncgopcon that we have to protect our border and i think everyone here knows nobody can build a wall like trump!
crooked hillary no longer has credibility too much failure in office people will not allow another four years of incompetence!
you should be president save america thank you!
cnndebate
rt when obama was president the msm loved talking about stock market rallies! now they barely mention new a…
huff post gets it wrong re ferry pointthe only leakage of gas is from arianna huffington
big ratings getter and apprentice champion john rich are right now going on stage in las vegas for vegasstrong great show!
congratulations to teamusa🇺🇸🏆on your great victory!
is one of the greatest businessmen to ever live it is impossible to think otherwise very nice thanks!
trump signature mattress is from serta the best there is! thanks
i just hope is our next president make america great again!
celebrity apprentice is not just great entertainment its also schooling for the business world thanks!
kick there ass trump
you are the best ive been a supporter since i was old enough to read thanks adam!
big supreme court ruling for baker just out!
as i have been saying only the beginning isis suspects arrested in turkey 150 european passports seized
by releasing his records he can come clean with the american people and have $5 million go to a charity
my h1b reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country not lobbyists and will have bipartisan support
sugar is nowhere near being a billionaireand i know he works for me!
wow so nice! thank you wayne allyn root
the huge donaldtrump faithbased story runs tomorrow friday on channel at 10am et
getting ready for my big foreign trip will be strongly protecting american interests thats what i like to do!
difference between politicians and pols are bought and paid for trump cant be bought bullied or bribed!
ebola is much easier to transmit than the cdc and government representatives are admitting spreading all over africaand fast stop flights
check out my most recent interview with cnn
our high level delegation is on the way back from china where they had long meetings with chinese leaders and business representatives we will be meeting tomorrow to determine the results but it is hard for china in that they have become very spoiled with us trade wins!
our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny we are people who cherish our values protect our civilization and recognize the image of god in every human soul
a bad thing finally happened to derek jeter he is a great champion
the wonderful people of puerto rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the hs i will always be with them!
believe and act as if it were impossible to fail charles f kettering
iran will only get stronger in iraq with the latest civil war we should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion
hes not a smart man he is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth all reasons why his ratings stink!
explain how the women on the view which is a total disaster since the great barbara walters left ever got their jobs is wasting time
looking forward to being in council bluffs iowa later today despite weather rally is on will be fantastic! makeamericagreatagain!
via only one man up for the job of president
i believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again! you are right!
so true ellen is a train wreck
for president!! run and you got my vote
for the record i have zero investments in russia
terrible attacks in ny nj and mn this weekend thinking of victims their families and all americans! we need to be strong!
the only person i enjoy following is thanks!
make sure to vote today vote for real change change that will deliver jobs and a free and strong america vote for
when will our nations sacrifices be respectfully appreciated? iraq and libya should reimburse us in oil
is doing really well and soon coming to broadway
why dont you just block the morons that try annoy you? they make me feel even smarternot worth the effort!
happy and proud to help win ohio with robocalls in pivotal cuyahoga county
congratulations to aberdeen and scotland for just having our great golf course named best new course in world by the robb report
ryan tries to portray himself as a young donald trump no one can be trump sorry bud mdlny
celebrity apprentice will be live on sunday at 9 pm from new york citycasting has already begun for next season
money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game donald trump
my appearance on from today
if crooked hillary clinton cant close the deal on crazy bernie how is she going to take on china russia isis and all of the others?
at 96 stories above michigan avenue if you’re not staying at the 5 star then you’re in its shadow
you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican todays world needs a real leader thank you!
keep testing your limits never become complacent always think big!
it’s friday how many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of obamacare?
in ten minutes on s apprentice begins his season long domination! you watchin?
is a genius thank you
wow! the more opponents push the higher the trump2016 reach! keep pushing dems and jealous gops!
the most luxurious hotel in downtown manhattan is a top destination
happy birthday to i wish you many more success! you are greatness! thanks
thank you texas! 10000 amazing supporters! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
more poll results from last nights commanderinchief forum americafirst trumptrain
i disagree only because trump in vegas was amazing!
thanks donald for the biz tips really have me feeling like i can go do this!! great ideas terrific!
the new congress must restore military spending and stop obama budget cuts also hold obama accountable on the va
citizen kane gone with the wind the good the bad and the ugly etc
i honestly dont doubt it we need a real leader in there
anthony wiener couldnt pass a background check to be a police officer what makes him qualified to be mayor???
carter banned iranians from coming to us during hostage crisis
there is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in west africa and who flew into new york has ebola touched many bedlam!
remember the golden rule of negotiating he who has the gold makes the rules
via donald trump to lord sugar drop to your knees and thank me
leezagibbons ratings for celebrityapprentice have been at an all time high! 1
thanks for the info rosieget well
re my hairshould i change it? what do you think?
trump on boehner resignation its a good thing
you seem like the only one who can fix this mess! run for office!
via “donald trump 2016 8 facts about personal life of gop presidential hopeful”
always try to learn from other peoples mistakes not your own it is much cheaper that way!
is a true entrepreneur indeed smart decision maker and a great leader i admire you mr trump thanks!
trump is a genius rubio and cruz are not i want a brilliant mind to run this country
scary thought is a heartbeat away from the presidency
tours of lewis and harris with hebridean excursions great places!
liberal press wont look into why obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with romneys private comments
haha gotta love listening to on says exactly what hes thinking lol true thanks
we as a country either have borders or we dont if we dont have borders we dont have a country!
president obama has a personal responsibility to visit and embrace all people in the us who contract ebola!
has no money he’s meeting today with mommy and daddy and they’re working on his campaign
reading the art of the deal again excellent revisit great!
thanks crysta!
a wonderful story on iowa voters by of the
rasmussen now beats 3836 nationally
as a pediatrician i have fought multiple vaccine doses in children for years thank you for your efforts
thank you americafirst
donald trump has given millions to proromney superpacs and his whole family is cutting checks to mitts campaign
celebapprentice we had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so i will do it again tonight from 810 pm
why nailed snl my new column
treats me so badly using old quinnipiac poll where i have a much smaller lead than the just out poll all negative!
looking forward to it!
dont forget to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc great episode!
you are right but i always believe in hitting backand thanks
trump organisation backs community battle against substation via
sends $25000 to recently released sgt andrew tahmooressi via thank you lois!
cant wait to hear run for president and fix our country! trump2016
“we’ve seen no evidence of collusioni have seen nothing the firing of james comey and all of the aftermath that suggests that the president has obstructed justice because he’s exercising his power as the president of the us i just don’t see it” judge ken starr
your story about me and the carbon tax is absolutely incorrect—it is just the opposite i will not support or endorse a carbon tax!
rspb is a total jokethey went for bird chopping wind turbines in and fought me on bird friendly golf course!
with mr trump as top man in the world everyone would shake hands and listen to the man!! true leadership
the trump tower atrium is such a great place and kept thousands of people warm and safe during the stormthanks staff!
the wikileaks email release today was so bad to sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud!
senator marco amnesty rubio who has worst voting record in senate just hit me on national securitybut i said dont go into iraq vision
thanks chris
great going and almost as importantly your clothing line is selling well!
for the ny state repubs to waste time energy and money on a primary—then go against 31 dems—is insane
i wish donaldtrump would run for president i think he would be a great one thank you
happy 241st birthday to the us marine corps! thank you for your service!!
happy 4th of july to everyone! make america great again!
mr trump the establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency and the american people! true!
read all about the wollman deal and many other successful deals in the art of the deal by
i love people who can act to finish projects efficiently and fast good job! thank you
rt hrc mishandles and destroys classified infono problem! pay/play on uranium one no problem! lynch bc tarmac its a matte…
into our first week of filming the celebrities are already turning up the heat major fireworks!
is the real deal he is the man! thanks!
america needs to rebuild our infrastructure why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads bridge… cont
over 50 women were interviewed by the yet they only wrote about 6 that’s because there were so many positive statements
i was speaking with don imus this morning
via “ attends a private screening donald trump donates $25k to kamp kizzy”
so excited you got this brandi!
order a signed copy of crippled america and submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7 30 pm
via nytimes whats your ideal gadget?
id vote for trump in a heartbeat no question good decision
was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same! can i get a rt??
on tomorrow?! i wouldnt miss that for the world! tonight
“there is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig america’s elections there’s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time and so i’d invite mr trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes”
spent some time at trump hollywood this weekend absolutely stunning and the staff were awesome mr thanks
no matter what youre managing dont assume you can glide by you have to work to maintain your momentum trump how to get rich
dont forget to watch matt tomorrow on morning drive talking about the blue monster and trump doral
dopey sugar i never go silent i was buying a major property in floridaa property worth more than you are!
you rocked it again in ohio!!!! come to nebraska please!! trump 2016!! thanks and i will!
saudi arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the clinton foundation contd
via by “trump contestants ‘the meanest by far’”
welcome to the new reality 23116928 us households on food stamps obamas hope and change
forget jack and arnie tiger and phil the master of the golf universe is now donald trump wow!
dopey sugar bad ratingscome on keep making me moneyremember i own your show
facebook was always antitrumpthe networks were always antitrump hencefake news and were antitrump collusion?
ill vote donald 👍👍👍👍
are privately ecstatic over arods latest doping bust the evidence is damning dont want him
cant wait 4 trumpdc rt thanks michael it will be the best keep up the great work!
the beauty that is being taken out of our cities towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
what better way to start a movie than having in the first 3 min yes im watching zoolander on great!
iraq is far worse and of more danger to the us now than it ever was under saddam hussein and this after $2 trillion and so many lives!
its driving and the money losing post crazy that i am 1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!
thank you for always remembering americas veterans!
please run the american ppl need you!
thank you terre haute indiana! makeamericagreatagain
will you run? will you run for president? mr trump your nation needs you! saveoursouls stay tuned thanks!
wow i just looked at the circulation numbers vanity fair magazine wont be around much longer its really in bad shape!
see you tomorrow w/ gov iowa and wisconsin! 3 pm
thank you for fund anything mr trump you know how to help people in all the right ways with hope
i wish more people had ur tude but they dont
shut up hes a lord what are you ? ive always heard that titles can be easily boughtis this so?
composite national poll makeamericagreatagain trump2016 trumptrain
i was invited by caroline wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the us open yesterday shes fantastic!
trump chicago is my favorite
are you watching this circus?!? demdebate what a joke! trump2016
most of the worlds great riders are at maralago today for the trump invitational one of the most important equestrian events of the year
the protesters in california were thugs and criminals many are professionals they should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!
it would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! witch hunt!
i will defeat crooked hillary clinton on 11/8/2016 trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
poll trump surges to 42 nationally ‘bad news for marco rubio’ great news !
if president what would be your 1st order of business?terminate obamacare!
“most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top – and then work even harder to stay there” think big
we will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of lifecont
if i win the presidency we will swamp justice ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions!
today i am proud to keep another promise to the american people as i sign the righttotry legislation into law
our trade deficit is still on pace to be over $500b this is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas
ted is the ultimate hypocrite says one thing for money does another for votes
work hard focus be persistent and think smart
emilgreat and do well with it!
do you think putin will be going to the miss universe pageant in november in moscow if so will he become my new best friend?
donald trump will make america strong again! like it used to be! tump2016 so true!
the majority of americans agree with comments on and iran
be weak on immigration and ensure democratic victory
it was truly an honor to introduce my wife melania her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible very proud! gopconvention
trump for president !! your country needs you !
you should get a job at 1600 pennsylvania ave!
great new poll iowa thank you! makeamericagreatagain imwithyou
my interview discussing comments attacks on and and low ratings
read ivankas blog about last nights apprentice on entertainment weekly
please run in 2016!!! we need a smart man like you to turn this once great nation back!! true!
the good news is that their ratings are terrible nobody cares!
address to the nationfull video and transcript
heading to myrtle beach south carolina really big crowd—so much to talk about!
the cnbc 25 poll is a joke i was in 9th place and taken off politics? no wonder ratings are going down the tubes
the fake news is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches well there was afghanistan somber the big rally
us stock market up almost 20 since election!
the irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w/ birdkilling ugly wind turbines
well get your facts straight mccain was so bad he gave us obama he gave arms to islamic terrorists
via “ new york unveils $50 million presidential penthouse”
successful people work their asses off to make it only to be punished by heavy taxes which are then squandered recklessly
trump miss universe simulcast on and on december 19th will once again deliver an entertaining and ‘beautiful’ show!
great 2 shows tonight cant wait till next week
the iranians are having difficulties with their nuclear program but no thanks to us!
megyn kelly has two really dumb puppets chris stirewalt and marc threaten a bushy who do exactly what she says all polls say i won debates
my power players interview with inside donald trump’s new digs on pennsylvania avenue”
my message make america great again is beginning to take hold bring back our jobs strengthen our military and borders help our vets!
good interview we definitely need more conservatives to speak up
all we need is trump to fix the cuntry!! trumpisawesome trumpcard capitalism
mr amira are you man enough to apologize ?? he is not man enough!
i am looking forward to being in new hampshire tomorrow the silent majority is taking our country back we will make america great again!
just in big news i have been declared the winner of the cnmi rep caucus with 728 of the vote! thank you! supertuesday votetrump
great interview always interestingcongrats!! thanks!
i will be interviewed on the tonight from florida now enjoy!
im puerto rican and i agree with this we need to stop trying to be so politically correct
do you think knows about dealings? actually i doubt it!
watching the ryder cup on very interesting and tough matches amazing sport my favorite!
he stands up for what he believes in!! regardless if all people like it hasmyrespectampvote
small man large ego no large man 63 large ego!
i hope everyone especially the haters and losers goes to macys today and buys some djt ties shirts and suitsand success fragrancelove!
i will be on at 10 30 will be releasing their new poll numbers based on the debate results i should do wellwho knows?
i can vote in next election if he runs i will absolutely vote for donaldtrump hes the best candidate out there
trump golf links at ferry point in the bronx ny will open soon a jack nicklaus signature design beautiful
was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on this week should not allow this conduct!
hey hear you are undecided in the election i can explain why you should vote for
rt us markets since election
i love you north carolina thank you for your amazing support! get out and tomorrow!watch …
donaldtrump for pres 2016 americas economy needs his business midas touch and no nonsense approach thx
i get you!
get into wh he can lead and fix anything he is also strong and unafraid to do what is good for people
at some point and for the good of the country i predict we will start working with the democrats in a bipartisan fashion infrastructure would be a perfect place to start after having foolishly spent $7 trillion in the middle east it is time to start rebuilding our country!
join at the university of northwestern ohio tonight at 7 pm tickets
vets mistreated no border security? i’m with this tuesday 9/15 to makeamericasmilitarygreatagain! join us!
people are loving the new line of trump ties and shirts at macys check them out!
you can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people just remember they all want to be you!
via by “trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted hes serious about running for potus
welcome prime minister abe!
via huffington post congrats america! donald trump is now a 2016 presidential frontrunner by igor bobic
i personally love and really hope he runs for prez! celebrityapprentice thanks
if the working proud and productive people of our country dont start exerting their authority and views the us as we know it is doomed!
made a campaign decision on delaying the keystone pipeline to 2013the pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs
i hope does better for rubio than he did at the benghazi hearings which were a total disaster for republicans and america!
spoke yesterday with the king of saudi arabia about peace in the middleeast interesting things are happening!
meet me at and get your copy of my new book crippled america signed on 11/3 at 12 pm !
if you run for president youll make our country great again i agree thanks!
this celebrity apprentice is looking good so far cant wait for the boardroom !!
remember univision apologized!
wrong 08 campaign manager and current senior wh advisor collected $100g fee from iranian affiliate
and now trying to rewrite herself as honest person who refused to do drama ha!
“a leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone” henry a kissinger
im looking forward to the super bowl but looking even more forward to monday night at 8 00 best episode ever of celebrity apprentice!
pathetic attempt to bribe he cant be bought
will be on now
excited to be returning to the state convention as the keynote of saturday’s dinner! is a strong conservative state party!
entire life and career have built prosperity and growth
if obama resigns from office now thereby doing a great service to the country—i will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
be sure to tune in for melanias second qvc show for melania timepieces jewelry tonight live from 910 pm on qvc
we r here fighting for you djt! you are the only person who can makeamericagreatagain teamtrump
this is our 13th season no precise date yet but most likely in the early spring shooting is underway will be terrific
i tend to vote for democratic candidates but i feel excited about you in the presidential race 😊
with taxes set to go up and obama about to cut the mortgage deduction now is the time to buy a house if you can can get a great deal
a great candidate for president! h ope with my heart u run! our country needs u
i dont know if yall know it but seriously might be our next president we will soon see!
should have stayed at cnbc—she was never smart but people liked her jeff zucker’s got problems!
i am from jacksonkentucky and we need you for president mr trump i agree thanks
no darnell does
its finally happening fiat chrysler just announced plans to invest $1billion in michigan and ohio plants adding 2000 jobs this after
key state florida poll trump 32 beats rubio bush combined
im a german social democrat but don go for president i want to see real competition
rt i would like to thank president trump for his time this afternoon it is our hope that the president will grant clemency…
entrepreneurs ask yourself what am i pretending not to see? there may be some great opportunities right around you
if runs for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when i graduate trumpera true
seal the deal! hold your business meeting at the luxurious executive board room
a storied franchise with a loyal fanbase should remain in buffalo
the king of turnberry! fabulous! what an amazing place!
bill kristol has been wrong for 2yrsan embarrassed loser but if the gop cant control their own then they are not a party be tough rs!
there was no collusion with russia except by the democrats when will this very expensive witch hunt hoax ever end? so bad for our country is the special counsel/justice department leaking my lawyers letters to the fake news media? should be looking at dems corruption instead?
its wednesday i wonder how much money borrowed from china today?
numerous countries are being considered for the meeting but would peace house/freedom house on the border of north and south korea be a more representative important and lasting site than a third party country? just asking!
donaldtrump don’t forget to watch tonight—you will love it! 8 pm on nbc celebapprentice” wouldnt miss it!
john foust is a liberal who supports obamacare and opposes ebola travel ban send conservative to congress!
thanks gilberto and good luck
thanks for getting me through finals week mr trump good luck!
run donald run!!! we are sick of stupid politicians who dont know how to run anything except a campaign!
my interview with discussing timetogettough my 2012 plans and iraq
will be interviewed tonight by on at 10 pm enjoy!
i dont know what you do but your doing it right
via by courtney coren trump china gets iraq oil us gets nothing
boeing is building a brand new 747 air force one for future presidents but costs are out of control more than $4 billion cancel order!
the united states mourns for the victims of nice france we pledge our solidarity with france against terror 🇺🇸🇫🇷
president you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at les invalides today!
rt promise kept exits flawed parisaccord to seek better deal for us workers and economy this wh will always put ameri…
grand deluxe suites chicago’s most spacious hotel rooms each w/ 10 ft floor to ceiling windows
but mccain is not a hero mccain abandoned pow mccain lies
love u on the apprentice
via by “donald trump stops in coralville”
nicely done its a magnificent sign thank you!
my interview w/ on discussing bangs and allstar
is there any subject you aren’t an expert on? no not many!
leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality warren g bennis
these 5 make look like winston churchill demdebate cute!
tells the guys go back to and watch if you want to it wont be pretty celebapprentice
shockhugo chavez endorses will he be in chicago on election night too?
to the class of 2018 i say we know you are up to the task we know you will make us proud we know that glory will be yours because you are winners you are warriors you are fighters you are champions and you will lead us to victory! god bless the usa!
incredibly proud of my son and his efforts on behalf of in memphis tn
were spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly chinese passengers and thats okbut how much are russia and china spending?
thanks wilson
who is bryant gumbel? a racist dope with a long and deep record of failure!
why would anyone think obama would attack syria the day of his speech in washington he doesnt want to detract from his press and glory
they knew the risk when they went to africa they choose it freely
celebrityapprentice best show of alllllll time absolutely!
i am having 600 thanksgiving dinners sent to the rockawaysprepared by my wonderful trump grill/trump tower staff sandyrelief
good make a decision are you running or not we want you but only you know if you want us watch
trumpforpresident 2016 make it happen enough said
so many people are asking why isnt the ag or special council looking at the many hillary clinton or comey crimes 33000 emails deleted?
general mcmaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the russians and that the only collusion was between russia and crooked h the dnc and the dems remember the dirty dossier uranium speeches emails and the podesta company!
rt only now with a realpresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by obama and the democrat cabal
you are a big inspiration to me mrtrump im 24ugandanwhen i make iti will call my first business in djtrump we trust
every strike brings me closer to the next home run – babe ruth
leaving for albany new york now massive crowd expected very exciting!
only a fool will underestimate trump2016 trump will surprise everybody and america needs him
important day spent at camp david with our very talented generals and military leaders many decisions made including on afghanistan
bill clinton has been obamas most effective surrogate out on the trail
so sad to hear of the terrorist attack in egypt us strongly condemns i have great
pocahontas wanted vp slot so badly but wasnt chosen because she has done nothing in the senate also crooked hillary hates her!
thanks jay
you have to run!! your next!!
i read all of your books you truly are an inspiration! thanks
is far more to blame for obamas victory than the tea party
corporations have never made as much money as they are making now thank you stuart varney jobs are starting to roarwatch!
big fan mr trump youre howards most honest guest trump 2016 ! always fun to do howards show
run for president please! thanks
trace delivers check to hospital in nyc american red cross must be grateful to trace and his team for their tremendous work
thank you erie pennsylvania! together we will makeamericagreatagain!
our entire nation w/one heavy heart continues to pray for the victims and their families in parkland fl to teachers law enforcement first responders and medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger we thank you for your courage!
comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in washington republican and democrat alike when things calm down they will be thanking me!
judge orders miss pennsylvania to pay donald trump $5m in defamation case hits
ted cruz along with jeb bush pushed justice john roberts onto the supreme court roberts could have killed obamacare twice but didnt!
thanks jedi
great job!
we can do it with you leading us trump 2016
trump virginia office announces statewide tv ad strategy and leadership team
a plus for run at the presidency can work w/unions the american spirit is down and out change is needed
obama is partying at the wh with corrupt african leaders christians are being killed by isis with american weapons
rt does realize that the purpose of a magazine is to sell issues?
five us soldiers killed in afghanistan by socalled friendly fire what are we doing?
the state of the union speech was one of the most boring rambling and nonsubstantive i have heard in a long time new leadership fast!
rt people have seen a year thats incredible thats been filled with nothing but the best for our country america…
i dont know a lot about failures and as you know i never went bankrupt
donna brazile just stated the dnc rigged the system to illegally steal the primary from bernie sanders bought and paid for by crooked h
what my father really gave me is a good great brain motivation and the benefit of his experienceunlike the haters and losers lazy!
remember trump ties and shirts for fathers dayyour father will love you even more!
china is complaining about 2500 marines being placed in australia meanwhile they are building bases across latin america timetogettough
wow jeb bush whose campaign is a total disaster had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me not nice!
theres nothing like fall in newyorkcity see where recommends you take in the seasons beauty
“when you have confidence you can have a lot of fun and when you have fun you can do amazing things”
trump speaking in exact same tone he did in waterville valley on 12/1 the night i first realized he was gonna be gop nominee
via romney said nothing wrong
needed leaders who negotiate smart trade dealsonly one knows the art of the deal let’s make america great again!
please run for president so we finally have a chance at living a normal life again trump4pres
donald trumpcrippled americathe new book by is best seller in the making
confirmgorsuch scotus
i have agreed with the historically cooperative disciplined approach that we have engaged in with robert mueller unlike the clintons! i have full confidence in ty cobb my special counsel and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process
the donald jtrump signature collection exclusively available offers top styles in menswear dress your best
i give the presidents speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! not bad but room for improvement!
you for president! thanks
sorry there was only one breakout star this weekend in new hampshire just check out the local new hampshire media!
it was awesome seeing you at the ryder cup announcement last week! so glad to have the pga of america coming to your course tnx!
autism rates through the roofwhy doesnt the obama administration do something about doctorinflicted autism we lose nothing to try
always good to see rock and rollin at the aerosmith show joeit was great meeting youfantastic concert
i told republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen but dont worry i will veto because i love our country and its people
a disgraceful verdict in the kate steinle case! no wonder the people of our country are so angry with illegal immigration
government waste fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed this will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term
the socalled a list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration but look what they did for hillary nothing i want the people!
rt louisiana general electiondonald trump vs hillary clinton makeamericagreatagain trump2016
mike pence won big we should all be proud of mike!
merry christmas mr but this country cant have a truly merry christmas until you are in the whitehouse as our president
rushed home to watch my favorite show celebapprentice
will be interviewed by tonight for the full hour hope you enjoy it and more importantly hope you agree!
has completely failed the american people us annual incomes have fallen over 5 during his term
chris thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement i will not let you down!
when somebody challenges you fight back be brutal be tough donald trump
sir with all dew respect you owe it to the american ppl to do ultimate sacrifice be the man and run
for president!!!!
my thoughts prayers and condolences are with the families friends and colleagues of the two deputies heroes who lost their lives in the line of duty today
thank you christine
while obama is obsessed with green collar jobs blue collar workers arent buying it cont
because of president obamas failed leadership we have put vladimir putin and russia back on the world stage! no reason for this
lovely lunch today fantastic hotel ayrshire eat scottish thank you!
my visit to japan and friendship with pm abe will yield many benefits for our great country massive military and energy orders happening!
interesting that roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when cont
great meeting you!
is pulling away from the pack i live in iowa its real thank you!
donald for presidenta true patriot
thank you ohio! vote so we can replace obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the united states! watch …
thanks robert
melania and i extend our deepest condolences to the family of shimon peres
better get a large screen iphone and fast or risk losing even more business samsung cannot believe you have not acted! dumb!
congratulations for 10 years of 3 michelinstars! visit the restaurant in for a meal you’ll never forget
you sir have the greatest twitter of all time thank you!
you need the income from the show to keep goinghope it doesnt hurt
art of the deal
if i were president sgt andrew tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call if notmexico would pay a price like never before!
via donald trump returns to the apprentice boardroom
our country under president obama is on life support! great leaders must bring people together
thank you joselyn
thanks cathy
i will be using facebook and twitter to expose dishonest lightweight senator marco rubio a record noshow in senate he is scamming florida
it’s been great making so many new friends at trump for the good luck to everyone!
a lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in florida? hope this is false
rt who is a better president of the united states? obamaday
trump national palos verdes golfgem golfletsgo golf
how does obama rationalize giving iran $8b in sanction relief when a christian pastor is being tortured in an iranian prison?
for those of you that have conveniently forgotten dummy jon stewart is a bad filmmaker his last effort was a real bomb in all ways!
noko has interpreted americas past restraint as weakness this would be a fatal miscalculation do not underestimate us and do not try us
congratulations to eric and lara on the birth of their son eric luke trump this morning!
isis reportedly murders spies calls davidcameron slave of the wh video are you welcome now
“at least two memos comey shared with a friend contained classified information” wall street journal
ebola has been confirmed in nyc with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact withobamas fault
after 14 years us beef hits chinese market trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture
hurricane is good luck for obama again he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars
made me feel good to hear you both so gracious great job
rt many supported nyers when sandy hit now our ny task force1 can be there to help others during harvey and hurricaneirma here…
the only candidates i would vote for president in 16 are or
if there is one more ebola case in the us a full travel ban will be instituted this common sense move should have been done long ago!
thanks for coming to my defense in rolling stone magazine as i have often said you are a terrific guy!
they hate you cuz they aint you trump2016
we have a bunch of idiots running the government! why americans keep voting these same people back into office sickens me
look forward to meeting with chancellor angela merkel of germany today so much to discuss so little time! it will be good for both of our great countries!
rt our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny we are people who…
of the 9 battleground states we only carried north carolina im proud of and glad i delivered keynote at their state convention
zegarelli and vescio pine road looks like hell must be repaved now—very bad for town
are you going to return the favor to and be the one who inducts him in to the hof? yes!
we should be focused on clean and beautiful airnot expensive and business closing global warminga total hoax!
donald you will win but i have pray for you becuse it is the destiny of earth!!
will be happyshes also a great person
for the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what when and where they will be doing in a future attack!
will be in bangor maine today! join me 4 pm e at the cross insurance center!
wacky who always seems to be crying worse than boehner speaks badly of me only because i refuse to do his showa real nut job!
great parentteacher listening session this morning with pence and secretary watch …
everyone under 10 in polls should drop out and support trump great idea!
ive come to the conclusion the only help for america is trump 2016 for president! probably so!
president obama just fired the obamacare website builder my question is why were they hired in the first place? sue them for damages!
what did our very stupid and ineffective ag eric schneidean during his trips to my office tell me about president obama and governor cuomo?
you always speak the truth!!! nobulldonald!!!!
had a flawless quarterfinal win last night she’s a great player and a wonderful person
they should pay us free oil for the next 100 years
great speech today!! its all about america and thats why you will become president!!!! thank you
outstanding beautiful building for sure!
has received a star on the hollywood walk of fame— about time! celebapprentice
so many signs that the florida shooter was mentally disturbed even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem must always report such instances to authorities again and again!
can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by nsaobama mess
“home prices reach new alltime highs in august” read more
flashback – “donald trump blasts obama for failing to secure christian pastor’s freedom in iran via
looking forward to this
my daughter ivanka thinks i should run for president maybe i should listen
results are what matter the bottom line is clearly the bottom line think like a champion
will be the the leader that everyone wants! cant be sold and speaks the truth! everyone run!
the worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about ebola
i will be speaking monday september 24 10 am at liberty university to a record setting student body i look forward to it!
have you seen the new trump line of clothing apparel and fragrances selling like hotcakes great for christmas gifts etc
i love watching the dishonest writers suffer the magazine’s failure
i see my friend is speaking at cpac solid guy wonderful job sayfie
why isn’t the congress doing everything possible to defund and cut obamacare?
he sure is more than qualified to be president
likewise the primary victims of violent crimes are in the african american and hispanic communities these people want law and order now!
is the antidefense senator vpdebate bigleaguetruth
trump is right giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the gop and turn dems into dominant party
great insight in dealing with the media today you are a wonderful representative of calm and reason a real pro!
today im in aberdeen scotland preparing for the july 10th opening of perhaps the worlds greatest golf course
gov scott walker has ran wisconsins economy into the ground how dare he criticize you you would fire him in a second
will be on fox and friends tomorrow morning at 700 will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful $635 million website rollout and more!
why has barack obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background? who is he?
new blog post celebrity apprentice finale and lessons learned along the way
do not underestimate the unity within the republican party!
the federal gov has handled sandy worse than katrina there is no excuse why people dont have electricity or fuel yet
love this show and donald!!! i hate dramaunless its not mine 😄
today is april 15th obama’s favorite day of the year tea taxed enough already!
they are planning on building windturbines near turnberry golf course on knoweside hill not without a fight!
the only problem with the trump sign in chicago are the people complaining about it!
looking forward to keynoting the nackey s loeb school of communications first amendment awards event tomorrow in new hampshire
when will get some real political talent rather than political commentators like errol louis who doesnt have a clue! others bad also
says is a gem i agree we all agree celebapprentice
chuck hagel’s nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days a lot can happen
once again obama fails to classify china as a currency manipulator he just helped china steal even more jobs and money from us
checking out the course at tngc westchester and it is fantastic should be a great season
very impressed with trump tower vancouver nicely done sir great buildingthanks
isn’t it ironic? getting ready to go to the g7 in canada to fight for our country on trade we have the worst trade deals ever made then off to singapore to meet with north korea and the nuclear problembut back home we still have the 13 angry democrats pushing the witch hunt!
do you believe what is going on in washington with respect to syria these people dont have a clue!
it was an honor to welcome president al sisi of egypt to the as we renew the historic partnership betwe…
he is caught on tape making election promises to on missile defense and national security
i would like to see in the debates his america first ideas need to be heard
raised a lot of money for the republican party there will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning lots of support! win
fellow inductee and me wwehof
happy birthday to our melania!
we would love a trump building in neworleans citybiz thanks
thank you for your response we live in a beautiful country and invite you to visit we will host you and show you the beauty
icymi via my from yesterday on obama’s dangerous disconnect
departing for long island now an area under siege from ms13 gang members we will not rest until ms13 is eradicated lesm
our great financial team is in china trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! i look forward to being with president xi in the not too distant future we will always have a good great relationship!
via “ny’s central park horse show a huge success”
just left family leadership summit in iowa got a standing ovation from many wonderful people i will be back soon
in we trust makeamericagreatagain
thank you for bringing value to every city and movement you have touched! imeanit
on behalf of a grateful nation thank you to all of the first responders heroes who saved countless lives in las vegas on sunday night
eventually but at a later date so we can get started early mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall
you dont have to be president to make a differenceyou saved new york from mediocrity thank you people do forget!
as gas prices keep rising wont approve keystone instead he is pushing algae yes algae as an cont
the great billy graham is dead there was nobody like him! he will be missed by christians and all religions a very special man
thanks kelsey
looking forward to being interviewed on the tonight at 6 30 pm est be sure to listen!
hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! would be four more years of stupidity!
focus on your goals not on fixed patterns do whats necessary and whats unnecessary will be made clear
the failing wrote yet another hit piece on me all are impressed with how nicely i have treated women they found nothing a joke!
rt thanks for coming to help win michigan! more people here than a hillary rally with less than 24 hours notice…
the situation with russia is much more dangerous than most people may think and could lead to world war iii we need great leadership fast
just love hearing you speak because you speak the truth!! thanks!
is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming all star season of amazing in the boardroom
dow passes 23000 for the first time fueled by strong earnings dow23k📈
i love you djt sr for president 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thanks!
i am stunned that rove would suggest repealing the 2a! that will not solve the problem imo!
its not conceited its convinced trump2016
young entrepreneurs your success is measured by results be productive in the face of challenges setbacks are not fatal
no sleep for the trumptrain!
very sad and dangerous that soon to be exintelligence chair dianne feinstein released the cia report glad she is losing her comm chair
march 3rd 9 pm est on nbc
the federal gov has handled sandy worse than katrina there is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet
makeamericagreatagain trump2016 is the only deal !!!
seriously wonder if you like chinese people? not talking about its gov i really like the chinese people
mexicos biggest drug lord escapes from jail unbelievable corruption and usa is paying the price i told you so!
great article on wind turbines by robert bryce in todays
on the way to the great state of rhode island big rally then to pennsylvania for rest of day and night!
do you believe that is still playing up the old iowa poll numbers and no mention of the abcwashington post or just out cbs results?
arod’s salary is more than the entire half the players on will have better seasons than him arod is a joke!
my wife and i stayed there and not only is the hotel beautiful but the service is outstanding thank you
breaking news the washington redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name washington from their name!
thanks jan!
if we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves thomas a edison
the last thing we need is another bush in the white house would be the same old thing remember read my lips no more taxes greatness!
any word on if celeb apprentice is coming back for 7th season? please give us the good news yes!
the special interests and people who control our politicians puppets are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent tv ads on me
how will raising taxes create jobs? washington is all out of answers new leadership is needed
well said this morning on the nfl has become the no fun league nfl
not looking like it!
did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? ignorance yes he is a crude dope!
thank you so much for supporting a larger galaxylike iphone screen even with glasses current one strains apple true
watch show you how easy it is to caucusfortrump in iowa! iacaucus video
sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities think like a champion
isn’t it amazing that obama “never knew” about the irs scandals until he saw it in the news ?!
you and your family amaze me cant think of a nobler family in history thank you
watching the gopconvention americafirst rncincle
no other gop candidate has potential to win ohio and pennsylvaniathus the presidency except jobs pres
almost every tv show is asking me to go onespecially the its simplei get the ratings!
mr trump it is undeniable that obama hates israel
mentionsomebodyyouwanttomeet the man the myth the legend the donald thanks!
good luck and nice hat!
join me in mobile alabama on sat at 3 pm ! thankyoutour2016 tickets
visiting nyc today where can i buy your famous light pink tie? macys or trump tower
“$17 million spent it’s a scam investigation americans are being worked we now know there was russian collusion with russians and the democrats the mueller team is stacked with antitrumpers who actually represented clinton people and gave $’s to crooked h” dan bongino
will be on at 8 00 am
gaining more supporters every day people want change trump2016
via by “donald trump plans to build a trump tower in mumbai”
so much fake news never been more voluminous or more inaccurate but through it all our country is doing great!
i cant wait till tweetgate celebrityapprentice simply the best!
what a shame that kobe bryant was so badly injured last night a truly great champion who brought the lakers back from oblivion this year!
louis z never ever quit neither does donald t
in a new poll a majority of people felt the president knowingly lied about health care pledge who are the fools who dont think he lied?
bought stock a year ago for old fashioned reason—i love their product and service
congrats to on his new show! greg makes great tv and is a terrific guy
wouldnt it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?! my speech
keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
i discuss yesterdays tragedy at the boston marathon in todays video blog
departing nh now great morning with record crowd in portsmouth in a snow storm! thank you!
money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game!
recently opened its beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony
if a new healthcare bill is not approved quickly bailouts for insurance companies and bailouts for members of congress will end very soon!
was 1 on network tv last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 o’clock hour in all major demographics
iraq in political turmoil one day after we leavei told you so
the issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race it is about respect for our country flag and national anthem nfl must respect this!
i had a great time in dc yesterday at the trump international hotel opo groundbreaking ceremony watch
a great day in new jersey for trump! and
its called extreme vetting! debates2016
happy new year to all my jewish friends
getting ready to visit walter reed medical center with melania looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest americans!
right on!!
happy birthday i always look forward to reading your advicegreat!
everyone wants to be donald trump yet no one knows what he has been through in past no one wants to accept the hard work
exclusively the donald j trump signature collection features the best ties and shirts at the best prices
think positively there are always opportunities keep your focus and dont give up!
pretends to be a smart guy but if you look at his record he isnt a dummy who is on too many fox shows an overrated clown!
please buy upstate ny would love to have you be the owner of our franchise prayersforjk thank you
gallup poll proves that regulation and obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring shock!
important and will hold a hearing on oct 1w/usmc sgt tahmooressi’s mother and wife
do you love interacting with fans as much as we do with you?? yes
rt watch on women who work empowering campaign celebrates modern women
that would mean that eliot spitzer has failed at everything hes donepolitics tv and even real cont
is that all there is? we need a new president fast!
you cant compare anything to obamacare because obamacare is dead dems want billions to go to insurance companies to bail out donorsnew
just won iowa poll big trump 33 cruz 20 rubio 11 but reported cruz momentum but nothing about the fact that i easily won!
spitzer and weiner lost lightweight eric schneiderman will be next he will be challenged in the primary he has done a really poor job!
doing fox and friends at 700 am hope you loved apprentice last night
im not calling out or anything but how about you run for president?! watch!
“build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results that’s building the right way” – think like a champion
yesterdays failing fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed!
president xi and i will always be friends no matter what happens with our dispute on trade china will take down its trade barriers because it is the right thing to do taxes will become reciprocal and a deal will be made on intellectual property great future for both countries!
other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires trump does not have to
icymi my speech from this past saturday at the via
first candidate in virginia with over 16000 validated signatures for the ballot an honor thank you! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
iraq has granted iran full air rights to fly over and arm syria what did america accomplish with the iraq war? and now syria?!
no more rinos and fence sitters we want donald trump for president !!!!!!
great job both of you! donald you have my vote!
sneers at millions of average americans vpdebate bigleaguetruth
just finished another week of filming this season a record 14th is shaping up to be the best yet
won $5000000 against miss pennsylvania sheena monnin for her terrible and untrue statements about miss usa pageant not a nice person!
is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood cont
in one hour i will be making a major announcement from trump tower watch it live on periscope!
rt time lapse video of the border wall prototypes when they were being built in san diego next phase underway testing and ev…
“i don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect” – donald j trump midas touch
how did you like michelle obama’s bangs last night?
your the greatest man on earth so nice thank you!
my interview re europes financial mess investing in spain germanys economy and the future of the euro
what ever happened to the server at the center of so much corruption that the democratic national committee refused to hand over to the hard charging except in the case of democrats fbi? they broke into homes and offices early in the morning but were afraid to take the server?
congratulations to on winning access to federal database he is making fl a safe and legal election for 2012
i dont he makes me money!
my thoughts on gadhafis death and the misery index trumpvlog
america will be working again businessman gt politician private sector growth above all trump2016
straighten out the republican party of virginia before it is too late stupid! rnc
we have 2 more years of suffering under obama can we at least have some fun while suffering? trumpfan
congratulations to the miss usa pageantit was the 1 telecast of the night among abc cbs nbc and fox a great show and a huge success
“trump the orator outlines the greatness of america to democrats’ disgust”
met with president putin of russia who was at apec meetings good discussions on syria hope for his help to solve along with china the dangerous north korea crisis progress being made
rt dr kings dream is our dream it is the american dream its the promise stitched into the fabric of our nation etched i…
we need a president who is successful and has a ton of common sense tht is u mr trump!
gary busey was one of my absolute favorites on celebrityapprentice he has a big ❤ misunderstood
save our americaa democratic win in 2016 will be the final nail true!
the only man that understands politics trump2016
today my thoughts and prayers are with the entire bush family in memory of first lady barbara bush there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the center hall of the
please run!!! usa needs a leader!
why did pres obama remove sanctions against iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation and then remove sanctions?
i hope so
the media must immediately stop calling isis leaders masterminds call them instead thugs and losers young people must not go into isis!
let this be the day you go for your dream focus dont give up and only accept total and complete victory you can do it!
from rags to riches and back to rags!
“get some face time in the spa at via by renée libutti
if the eu wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on us companies doing business there we will simply apply a tax on their cars which freely pour into the us they make it impossible for our cars and more to sell there big trade imbalance!
who can figure out the true meaning of covfefe ??? enjoy!
please announce that youre running for president soon we all need some hope for the future!
its too bad so few people showed up to family leader dinner next year ill try and be there and theyll have a huge crowd!
our great american flag or country and should stand for the national anthem if not youre fired find something else to do!
look i have always liked lance armstrong i just hated what he did to himself including recently his life will now be hell
they used to call barry diller the father of ecommercewhat a joke that was and that he is 100clueless on internet
your son eric is awesome
“the longer you play the better chance the better player has of winning”
i hope of america handle their problems a lot better than the board at penn state did you cant do any worse!
thug politics lightweight hack schneiderman meets with obama on thursday then brings frivolous suit on saturday
so far this is one of the best interviews with trump!!
were all very happy to hear of bret michaels progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery
our $16t national debt is now bigger than our $15t gdp if obama is reelected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013
there was no collusion with russia except by the democrats when will this very expensive witch hunt hoax ever end? so bad for our country is the special councel/justice department leaking my lawyers letters to the fake news media? should be looking at dems corruption instead?
fact – the tighter the gun laws the more violence the criminals will always have guns
scary how smoothly cruz looks into the camera and lies about trump cant be potus! trump2016
thank you south carolina! together we will make america great again! votetrumpsc
we are winning and the press is refusing to report it dont let them fool you get out and vote! draintheswamp on november 8th!
visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekendthis is one
and borrow cheap! you will thank me someday
is much more important in the united states than cnn but outside of the us cnn international is still a major source of fake news and they represent our nation to the world very poorly the outside world does not see the truth from them!
the current tax code is a burden on american taxpayers and harmful to jobcreators americans need taxreform! more
company gouging price of epipens is a clinton foundation donor and partner via dailycaller
celebrityapprentice my new favorite show great my momampi watch together! bonding
sam you are so pathetic!
why are democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business jobs? the reason obstruction and delay!
i like to read your tweets and i am delighted with you intelligent decent strong man! thanks
hillary clinton is using racebaiting to try to get africanamerican voters but they know she is all talk and no action!
iowa is the second leading state in the nation when it comes to wind energy! sad distinction farm land lost!
fair trade!
cnn tried to destroy donald trump with vaccine autism question but he gave this amazing response
very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate
you got bankrupted 3 times who the hell trusts you with anything i never went bankrupt moron!
we are taking care of hundreds of people in the trump tower atriumthey are seeking refuge free coffee and food
north korea cant survive or even eat without the help of china china could solve this problem with one phone callthey love taunting us!
the chinese military is already hacking our satellites the chinese government is not an american ally
is it true that it was your idea for steve to name his company wynn or is that urban legend?i helped
is correctthese reporters would not have been so brave while jack was running ge
i cant wait to never read another copy of i will enjoy watching it crash and burn though
maralago in palm beach is one of the great palazzos of the world with a fantastic history
time for you to instruct the bbc to replace him he has the personality of a tea bag
man id love to see d.c.ur prez u speak my language sir god love you thank you!
the next generation of luxury will be the icon of the vancouver skyline
donald trump vs hillary clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history
thank you colorado springs get out and vote trumppence16 in november!
many people talking with much agreement on my iran speech today participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with iran!
i live in chicago and love the sign! i look at it everyday!! thanks
it was my honor youre a great guy and your mother would be very proud of you
without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing donald trump so true!
the smart guy i love that slogan!
the brand new hotel at trump national doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in miami enjoy!
via tv highlights
seth myers is unwatchable i dont know how he got his own late night talk show
all i want for christmas is to run for president!
when the achiever achieves its not a plateau it’s a beginning donald j trump
nbc terminates the chris matthews show
being nice to rocket man hasnt worked in 25 years why would it work now? clinton failed bush failed and obama failed i wont fail
they should all get on the trump train! so true!
stopped by to say hello
i visited our trump tower campaign headquarters last night after returning from ohio and arizona and it was packed with great pros win!
the arab spring has turned into the islamist winter our ally is in a perilous position we must stand behind
thank you new hampshire! fitn nhprimary votetrumpnh voting questions?
via trump begins renewables mission in scotland
miss ya too darling! happy holidays! ttys
two great families come together to create a masterpiece grandopening donaldtrump
the democrats have been told and fully understand that there can be no daca without the desperately needed wall at the southern border and an end to the horrible chain migration and ridiculous lottery system of immigration etc we must protect our country at all cost!
get ready for the fireworks between and in 13th season of all star neither one will back down
interesting article by is time to use ‘the trump card’” thanks matt for the nice mention
my wife melania will be on today @ 5 pm selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price perfect for mother’s day—call in!
china is the biggest environmental polluter in the world by far they do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!
watch celebrity apprentice on now!
victim never died so they would not have been given death penaltybut did you see what these innocent boys were doing?
“here’s the truth the govt doesn’t shutdown” via all essential services continue dont believe lies
if you wanna make money stick with what you know and love donald trump
she would make a beautiful first lady so true!
“faldo to rework two doral courses” via
what do you think about mike trout? one of best young players ever!
morning joe panel is stealing many of my statements and ideas to better america without giving credit the story of my life!
mr trump will you be at doral next week so i can shake your hand again on the 5th tee? yes!
hope you win it all time for a change !!
14 african nations have totally banned west africans from entering their nations likewise many other nations but the us come on in
everything you can imagine is real —pablo picasso
why does devote so much time on her shows to me almost always negative? without me her ratings would tank get a life megyn!
iowa congressman has endorsed the news max debate he has been doing great work in the house
“trump battles the new totalitarians gop elites join with leftists at media matters in targeting threat to both”
thanks grant
gentle ben is no match for putin or if the truth be told even for hilary usa needs a winner
yankees can win today kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher
flags to be flown at halfstaff at all trump properties in honor of the five fallen soldiers
i am watching crooked hillary speak same old stuff our country needs change!
cant wait to see you on cbs sunday morning! comeflywithme trump2016
thanks for the nice words irv!
rt you are fantastic trump run for president and save america!
“one of the keys to thinking big is total focus” – the art of the deal
yes we could use a sharp minded man who wants to get america back on top of the game
romance or adventure what do you prefer? celebapprentice
trump promises special session to repeal obamacare
i trounced him in ratings and letterman beat last thursday brian—are you irrelevant?
many hispanics agree with on enforcing the border trump for president
“create your own visual style let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others” orson welles
well back to the drawing board!
entrepreneurs see yourself as victoriousand the best way to be victorious is to be passionate find something you love doing!
watching hurricane closely my team which has done and is doing such a good job in texas is already in florida no rest for the weary!
if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say everything would be better
all successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do find a passion that energizes you think big
jeb is such a lightweight
please explain to the dummies at the editorial board that i love to debate and have won according to drudge etc all 11 of them!
looking forward to being the guest of honor at patriots award gala dinner in washington dc
not anymore the beginning of the end was the horrible iran deal and now this un! stay strong israel january 20th is fast approaching!
i love that no group can buy
via “ premieres sunday january 4 2015”
thank you and for the wonderful and very true article “total desperation on iran”
donald trump plans to continue goplegacy of leading on women’s civil rights against racist sexist democrats
just returned to bedminster nj from camp david great meeting on national security the border and the military! maga🇺🇸
sir nick is not only a great player he is a great guy and by the way doing a fantastic job for cbs!
sept 9 2013who will be first? i am sure could be on that list arsenio will choose!
rt we grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in…
its my 30th b day today and a reply from you would be the best gift ever? happy birthday
and you wonder why everyone wants yod.c.resident?
rt many people fight for change in dc is a leader with an outsider’s perspective and the vision guts and ene…
i have always had a good relationship with chuck schumer he is far smarter than harry r and has the ability to get things done good news !
this is a storm of enormous destructive power and i ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed all instructions from government officials
the rigged dem primary one of the biggest political stories in years got zero coverage on fake news network tv last night disgraceful!
adelehappy birthday
can’t wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys –tw heroworldchallenge great to have you back tiger special!
named christmas day brunch one of the best in the city! trumpholidays
donald you are without a doubt the only person who can correct the collision course obama has us on please run in 2016!
despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage there are many great reporters i respect and lots of good news for the american people to be proud of!
pastor nadarkhani must be released by iran immediately i applaud the for issuing cont
congratulations to derek jeter on being named to 2014
big defeat last night in nevada for ted cruz and marco rubio on is working hard to belittle my victory rove is sick!
massive crowds already forming in jacksonville will be and incredible day 12 noon! make america great again!
disappointed the article on did not bring up his dealings w/ shirley huntley
thats because you bring clout to anything you do mr trumpremain blessed! thanks really nice!
there will be no change to your 401k this has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works and it stays!
trumpvlog ny area two book signings tonight and thursday
they finally let our marine out of a mexican prison no thanks to obama way too long such an event should never be allowed to happen again
you have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward donald j trump
we must build a great wall between mexico and the united states!
im with the new wtc is not grand it shouldve been much much more grand
lyin ted
remember that bill clinton was brought in to help hillary against obama in 2008 he was terrible failed badly and was called a racist!
obama is in africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them how about that money to help america trump for potus
via steve king for congress facebook page “donald trump has a special announcement!”
getting ready to go to las vegas freedom fest great crowd then on to amazing phoenix that will be a total happening! love america
once iran has nuclear weapons they will shut down the strait of hormuz oil will be over $300/barrel iran… cont
what other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like obama is doing with isis whatever happened to the element of surprise?
we allow japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we cant make a trade deal with them our country is in big trouble!
a spectacular lake front club w/ dramatic course designed by is nc’s top club
now china is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us the latest is the philippines very aggressive
pay him just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide
trump national golf club washington dc is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the potomac river a fantastic setting!
i love he cracks me up celebapprentice
mr trumpyou were created for our generatıon wow!
will be doing this morning at 7 00 enjoy!
the gop debate scorecard donald trump and energy by wayne allyn root
plz run for prez!!! you would win!!! thanks for the confidence!
obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in virginia another example of sleazy politics!
no house majority leader has lost a primary since 1899
i am 72 year old female you give me hope 1st time in years america can come backstay the course we need you in 2016!
peaceofficersmemorialday
love you trump! please makeamericagreatagain
hillary clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement and insticts
the obamacare website is in the news again it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought and it doesnt work! big trouble!
great boardroom! what did you think? celebapprentice
rolling stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!
final poll results from nbc on last nights commanderinchief forum thank you! imwithyou maga
president obamas inaugural had record low ratings what does that portend?
i am self funding my campaign so i do not owe anything to lobbyists and special interests
omg! the funniest! this has just been the best season so far!!! teambrandi
we need to pray to god for this to happen god please make america great again amen!
a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons learning is a new beginning
via golden bear and american business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece
sure literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a mistake pretty convenient
with from thebachelor in iowa
six months in it is the hope of growth📈that is making america🇺🇸four trillion dollars💰richer stuart
just find hissy fit with ironic since yall have room to catch up
join us in toledo ohio tomorrow night at 8 pm ! trumppence16 magatickets
one of the worlds tallest buildings is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options
asktrump getting ready to answer your questions
great statement and its finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say! gotmyvote
americans by and large hate obamacare they see obama lied to get it passed they see big business and gov’t got waivers defund!
if republican senators are unable to pass what they are working on now they should immediately repeal and then replace at a later date!
via by “ works to beat breast cancer”
should be on everyday such an interesting guy thanks
your family is a better watch than the kardashians by a mile! cute!
thank you! trumpwon maga
trump360 watch this 360 video of my speech last night at trump tower
best on mkt! weve rented these amazing homes forever! sales too 2 highest apt rentals 13 thx dolly
sounds like a good idea
a bite from last nights interview discussing rev wrights ed klein interview and the 2012 campaign
the fannie and freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars they were bailed out with $169b of our money
watch youve got donald trump at
i will be on monday morning at 700 a lot to talk about!
rt video elements of the dod and are providing humanitarian relief for puertorico 🇵🇷 and usvi 🇻🇮
congratulations to for having the wisdom to pick trump! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
the editorial board is so wrong so often they got info from an incorrect story in another pub why not watch and listen to debate
i applaud for announcing that he will show up at the un to defend a true us friend and great leader
the polls have shown that dead people voted for president obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation he must be doing something right!
reading the donald tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine greatest thanks m
the only deal the republicans should accept is a complete repeal of obamacare you have them on the run dont fold go for it!
i’ll soon be leaving for washington where will give me the t boone pickens entrepreneur award very exciting!
keep your chin up keep going
how would you describe in one word? magnificent!
are republicans suicidal? now they want to push amnesty through congress allowing democrats into the country
the roll call is beginning at the republican national convention very exciting!
great to be in riyadh saudi arabia looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead potusabroad
china is worried the polls are trending for they won’t be able to steal from us anymore
the mullahs laughed when asked iran to return our dronethey will show it to china first
i know mark cuban well he backed me bigtime but i wasnt interested in taking all of his callshes not smart enough to run for president!
i love when tweets 🐘
dummy continues to make and write false statements he still thinks romney wonhe should get a life!
death spiral!aetna will exit obamacare markets in va in 2018 citing expected losses on indv plans this year
former president vicente fox who is railing against my visit to mexico today also invited me when he apologized for using the f bomb
rt hannity starts in 30 minutes with and my monologue on the deep state’s allies in the media
cant wait for 2016 so tired of this weak adm policy at home n foreign even worse america deserves better we can do better true!
really disgusting that the failing new york times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories
im a big fan of the new ties thanks selling great atmacys!
trump national golf club los angeles offers 18 holes fronting the pacific ocean on the palos verdes peninsula
you cant stump the trump
makeamericagreatagain trump2016
trump collection’s summer line exclusively available is the pinnacle of style and prestige dress your best!
hes a very sick puppy hes got a perversion pulling no punches re weiner gretawire
great people of montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being admiral jackson is the kind of man that those in montana would most respect and admire and now for no reason whatsoever his reputation has been shattered not fair tester!
2008 campaign and supporters trafficked in rumors about obamas heritage debatenight
i am at trump national doralbest resort in us rory and adam scott are doing great! watch on nbc at 3 00 pm make america great again!
yes and i am presbyterian
ill be doing fox and friends this morning at seven
the episode of the apprentice that everyone has been waiting forjoan rivers stars and she is and does great! next monday night at 8 00
is that why you’ve filed for bankruptcy numerous times? i never filed for bankruptcy asshole!
how did you like espn 30/30 on usfl? a total piece of garbage by a third rate producer who hated djt
via donald trump to speak in novi this may
ice storm rolls from texas to tennessee im in los angeles and its freezing global warming is a total and very expensive hoax!
the paley center for media is a great place to visit when you’re in nyc celebapprentice
via by “trump surges in popularity in nh”
china has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars and auto parts ive been saying this for 3 years
your new dc hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president! trump2016
said he would build a wall on the southern border got my vote!!
the campaign took in $39m in may but spent $446m sound familiar!
i’m not proud of my locker room talk but this world has serious problems we need serious leaders debate bigleaguetruth
well hes now paying a big price!
i am sure the will do a great job bracketing the convention they are a tremendous statewide organization
“ “success isnt permanent and failure isnt fatal” – mike ditka”
who is more believable on the state of employmentthe great or some government bureaucrat who is voting for obama?
i am heading for canada and the g7 for talks that will mostly center on the long time unfair trade practiced against the united states from there i go to singapore and talks with north korea on denuclearization won’t be talking about the russian witch hunt hoax for a while!
our economy is in trouble the unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job we need growth and now!
but his hair is real! so is mine asshole!
getting ready to meet prime minister abe of japan a truly fine gentleman!
we can make washington work for us it’s time for real leadership let’s makeamericagreatagain!
democrats are smiling in dc that the freedom caucus with the help of club for growth and heritage have saved planned parenthood and ocare!
good to see you also i will be watching!
mr trump glad to hear you say we are going to make this country great again! your honest you tell it like it
i bought a shirt two years ago while visiting ny still receiving compliments!! love it!! thanks!
my lives less than a mile dont the road he and all of balmedie are big fans fact2 kingtrump thanks
you need to run in 2016!!! thanks
everyone is asking if and when i will endorse a candidate in the nyc mayoral race doing my due diligence…
buyamericanhireamerican🇺🇸
the north korean regime has pursued its nuclear and ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance agreement and commmitment it has made to the us and its allies its broken all of those commitments
askdonald what are you most proud of in your life? my children!
remember no one ever said success was easygood luck doesn’t come overnightbut if u work hard and love it u will find success and luck
russia and china are playing the currency devaluation game as the us keeps raising interest rates not acceptable!
terrible story on front page of nytimes about lightweight does eric wear eyeliner?
savannah work hard in school!
so excited for this season it may be one of the best and most vicious ever
outrageous is suing to suppress the military vote in ohio our commander in chief should be ashamed
remembering the fallen heroes on dday june 6 1944
donald trump leads by 9 points in pew poll – jeb bush in free fall tcot
must read editorial “child alien crisis obamas fault but gop wont pounce”
whoawhat are they so mad about? keepcalm dont worry its just the same old losers and haters!
and fair elections weve accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a
just terrible! oscars
“you can attack defend counterattack sell or ignore ”roger ailes to pres reagan during prep for 2nd mondale debate/ 84 election
the ultra liberal and seriously failing des moines register is begging my team for press credentials to my event in iowa todaybut they lie!
and to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women lesley stahl tape?
happy mother’s day!!!
nprs said schlonged to wapo re 1984 mondale/ferraro campaign that ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls hypocrisy
just amazing!
one day ill be rich and powerful like my mentor great!
plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in nycs hottest neighborhood using 20 offer
rt we’re in a prime position to defend our majorities in 2018 let’s defy history maga leadright
i consider myself too perfect and have no faults
when will we see stories from cnn on clinton foundation corruption and hillarys payforplay at state department?
answer the calljust do itamerica needs yourun!!!! stay tuned!
“ im so rooting for you on celebrity apprentice go girl!tysm
thank you wilkesbarre pennsylvania! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
will be on at 700 30 minutes a great deal to talk about including ebola quarantine
just looked at new selection of donald j trump signature collection ties and shirts fantastic! would make great gifts!
rt breaking poll trump gains 11 points on clinton since marchgt now leads crooked hillary 4644 vi…
who goes first? tell usquick clowney
just arrived in youngstown ohio with melania! makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸🎥
im convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the nonsuccessful ones is pure perseverance steve jobs
i hope has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching watching trump tonight gopdebate
i have an idea for arodbuy a home at overlooking the pacificwill bring you better luck
great taste!
looking forward to celebapprentice season 15!!! my favorite show 😍
i was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the emmys last night the worst ever smartest people of them all are the deplorables
when strasburg leaves for another team for more money will washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good?
must be careful and smart!
the old post office building in washington dc will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the worldlots of jobs!
jamie brought in no money? her pie recipe brought in $25k celebrityapprentice
should consider gov mcdonnell of va gov christie of nj and senator rubio of fl for vp really good men doing a really good job
iran admits to aiding the libyan rebels and ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks when will washington learn?
you will have my vote presidenttrump
bob tyrrell youand also for the great work you do
in his entire political career has never had a tough opponent before he is a paper tiger gomitt
so excited for a new year and new celeb apprentice! cant wait to see the trumps back in the boardroom!
network news has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked not fair to public!
congratulations on building the worlds best golf course scotland makes us jealous! thanks chris
contributions the rnc is taking in far more $s than the dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors i am working hard for them!
im with these great people mr trump please run for president we need a completely new direction trump2016
on behalf of the entire family we would truly be honored to have your vote! lets makeamericagreatagain earlyvote
lol ur delusional hes got more smarts in his left nut than u do in ur whole wig!! wrong dummynocontest!
in times of tragedy the bonds that sustain us are those of family faith community and country these bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need
dinner at the trump thanks for the great view!
rt obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of americans it has failed the american…
has it been more than you ever expected? far more and far better!
us govt is on the hook for more than a third of the worlds entire debt and we wonder why china and opec are laughing all the way to the bank!
“ how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w/his bs! true thx
nytimes headline states obama suffers setbacks in japan trade deal can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us we have cards
be tough be focused there are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if youre prepared for them
obama’s rollout of his isis war plan is another unmitigated disaster the generals must be furious
all red necks and bigots actually very smart and a terrific public servicetruth!
i just saw that many indians have mrtrump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books!!super
homeland security and law enforcement are on alert and closely watching for any sign of trouble our borders are far tougher than ever before!
he said it would be unprecedented if the usc rules that obamacare is unconstitutional it was cont
victorias secret reps were nasty to and now she is doing great
like the 116 hike in arizona also deductibles are so high that it is practically useless dont let the schumer clowns out of this web
i will be interviewed on face the nation at 10 30 am should be interesting enjoy!
a fantastic guy!
all he does is go on television is talk talk talk but incapable of doing anything
join me live at 5 45 pm e from harrisburg pennsylvania! taxreform usa🇺🇸
will be interviewed on this morning enjoy!
you were 100 on the mark donald when you said we should have taken some iraqi oil true now iran has it
thank you for helping free saeed abedini i pray god blesses you and that a christmas miracle is in the works! thx
the thing i like best about rex tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments
trump2016 makingamericagreatagain
whats the primary ingredient for success? passion you have to love what youre doing or you wont get too far
really enjoyed celebapprentice tonight looking forward to a couple new episodes tomorrow night!
nevada! tomorrow is the deadline to register republicanvisit from
“face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be”
“learn know and show it’s a proven formula put it to use starting today” – think like a champion
the wall which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built
as usual great pinpointed analysis of the world situation i enjoy your frankness and honesty thanks
i will be the featured guest on the season opener of this sunday there certainly is plenty to talk about!
so many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money i raised/gave! it was my great honor they do an amazing job
think of this after we spent $2 trillion on iraq baghdad is about to be taken over by isis
i love finally someone who gets it🙌
looking forward to the next episode
innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower steve jobs
trumpvlog the song donald trump hits 54 million views wheres my money?
ted cruz went down big in just released reuters poll whats going on? is it goldman sachs/citi loans or canada?
icymi weekly address ➡️
every played muirfield?and whos your pick for the open?tiger phil ernie or justin rose
at least 35m fellow americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of obamacare defund then repeal!
i will be doing fox and friends tomorrow morning at 700 will be discussing all sorts of current disasters!
i love watching dummy promote on ok show named shark tank—but he is just a small part of that show
speaking to great patriots my first visit to granite state since declaring my candidacy! fitn
penn state is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a closethey should be ashamed for hiding sanduskys crimes all these years
less than a week after we leave iraq the country is already unraveling we got nothing from the iraqis and now cont
i just finished reading think like a champion i loved it thanks and good luck
good point we just really need your help donald!
congresswoman jennifer gonzalezcolon of puerto rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people thank you!
spent $400m in 2012 and didn’t win a single race
great poll out of nevada thank you! see you soon maga americafirst
trump’s menie golf resort enjoys bumper first year via
rt votetrump2016 a real leader that truly cares about america and our values he wants to bring prosperity back 2 usa
its about time!!!!
when and if you run you will be my first president that i vote for in my life! trump2016
get smart on knockout assaults and crime we have to be slightly more vicious and violent than the assaulterand crime would end fast!
did a rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re drugs wow that would be the end a disaster!
lots of response to my pattinson/kristen stewart reunion she will cheat again100 certainam i ever wrong?
my 2 favorites!
id bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that president obama was tapping my phones in october just prior to election!
we need a president who understands the economy has us unemployment at 82 in july up from 8 in june
kim keep up the great work you are really doing well!
hater danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life!
pretty even debate no knockouts however ryans closing statement somewhat stronger what do you think? vpdebate
entrepreneurs stay focused and be tenacious pay attention to people who know what theyre talking about stay fixed on your goals!
agree he has my vote !!
rowanne brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing story yesterday joined
i have had the pleasure of getting to know and this past year they love america lets push them over the top today
would love to send the nyc terrorist to guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the federal system
are the republicans going to blow their chance to take the senate? must focus on obamacare and amnesty
its 10 am two hours to go for obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
just left news conference at with people love
morning consult poll trump leads
had a great time on the show this morning—he will and should never change!
tired of fox bashing trump and pushing gop establish / christie/rubio/bush
john mccain called thousands of people crazies when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in phoenix he owes apology!
how about wrestlemania 30 donald vs vince?!?! wm30sounds good to me i already hold the record!
my interview with discussing why arod should be fired from and how to terminate his contract
notice how your twits about are the most rt! we the american ppl love and want trump2016 !
what ever happened to the good old days of the academy awards this show is an insult to the past just plain bad!
the rules did change in colorado shortly after i entered the race in june because the pols and their bosses knew i would win with the voters
people very unhappy with crooked hillary and obama on jobs and safety! biggest trade deficit in many years! more attacks will follow orlando
true and thank you
america needs !!! trump2016
no wonder is doing so poorly with an idiot sr editor like it will only get worse!
speaking of our very stupid war with iraq it is totally disintegrating and iran with russia will walk in and take it over lots of oil!
is the man! is the best show on tv! thanks!
the maralago club has the best meatloaf in america tasty
happy birthday to the wisest man in the us 2016 thanks
congrats to and bobby cox on all being unanimously elected to great leaders and managers
ill be cohosting tonight be sure to tune in!
only three weeks until the new season of begins filminggreat allstar cast
for president! only man who knows how it actually works in politics! thank you!
i will be on fox with the great tonight at 9 pm est! enjoy! trump2016
barack obama is hard at work today on his highest priorityhis reelection has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities
we want to make sure that we have the workforce develo pm ent programs we need to ensure these jobs are
awesome job on donaldtrump has integrity and he refuses 2 play the game call delegate bribery
the supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting sun tzu
one of top public courses course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf
yay i cant wait mr trump! you have the best show on tv on sunday nights! thanks!
via “trump’s grand plans for resort get the green light”
today
next weeks show has me on edge of my seat already!!! it will be best ever!
georgetown should not host for the graduation ceremony her policies abuse catholics
i did interview with chris wallace of in order to be fair he then puts on rove lane and will three trump bashers to discuss
must readits time people listened to trump says mother of gunneddown teenage football star secure the border!
happy veterans day to all in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!!
thanks ben
its amazing has completely lost all connections to reality he is a complete shill for obama
i am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects whenever i tweet some call it a tiradetotally dishonest!
the state of iowa should disqualify ted cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated a total fraud!
my new book time to get tough will be out dec 5th solutions you wont hear from the politicians the bes… cont
i have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweetswhy do these lowlifes follownothing to do!
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the keystone xl pipeline opec is laughing at us
i had a wonderful meeting with likud deputy speaker of the knesset this past friday in trump tower israel
rt so this happened at dinner tonight missuniverse 8 pm
trump terrible traitor snowden embarrassing us via by
please run for president in 2016
celebrate martin luther king day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for honor him for being the great man that he was!
with good service at his clubs imagine the service mr trump could give american people as pres! true!
is in the tank for bush we are tired of the establishment
isn’t excited about their ideas are you? celebapprentice
join me in wichita kansas tomorrow morning! looking forward to it! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
re taylor and conorgreat news for taylor!
part 2 of my interview giving away some spoilers and discussing 2012 miss universe pageant
rt president trump kisses jordan mclinn who suffers from duchenne muscular dystrophy dmd after signing the righttotry act…
will be interviewed by on at 9 00 pm saturday night enjoy!
it was an honor to welcome the prime minister of denmark lars løkke rasmussen { to the yes…
celebrityapprentice paul teutul sr joined me for a press event in trump tower last week
feel robbed out of 3 hours of ca with these 4 straight firings
not only does obama spy on german leaders he criticizes their trade surplus we should have a trade surplus!
now is no time to cut military spending we must remain strong our enemies are looking for weakness im i… cont
regis you are the greatest!
obama was president up to and beyond the 2016 election so why didn’t he do something about russian meddling?
trump2016 or bust
eli wallach was a great actor and a great guy my opinion his performance in the good the bad and the ugly was his all time best!
for president! 🇺🇸🇺🇸
whether you run or notyou play one hell of a chess game !! life
trump international in dubai will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world congratulations to for their genius!
sugar you i own the apprentice you were never successful enough
alex rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the yankees in that he misrepresented his use of cont
from my european point of view usa needs a president like you to get a lot of things right trump2016
when terrorists are beheading and executing american citizens in such a brutal waythe report on torture should be the least of our concerns
watch this tour by of this luxurious penthouse in trump park avenue
makeamericagreatagain teamtrump usatrump 2016 !!!
champions arent made in the gyms champions are made from something they have deep inside them a desire a dream a vision muhammad ali
why does the failing write a false editorial about me and let dummy make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?
thank you wayne root we will makeamericagreatagain!
join me in rome ny tomorrow! trump2016 nyprimarytickets available
we must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states
hope you finally run for president that should be your new years resolution good thought!
great to hear you on your honesty is refreshing thank you
can a future business man get a follow back or favorite or reply from his biggest role model! hello sal
i never said russia did not meddle in the election i said “it may be russia or china or another country or group or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer” the russian “hoax” was that the trump campaign colluded with russia it never did!
i really enjoyed the debate last nightcrooked hillary says she is going to do so many thingswhy hasnt she done them in her last 30 years?
why arent the democrats speaking about isis bad trade deals broken borders police and law and order the republican convention was great
my contract with the american voter will restore honesty accountability and change to washington! draintheswamp
bush never shouldve sent our troops there to begin with!i have said that for many years bad judgement
but why shouldnt i speak out? dont you speak out in this country? george steinbrenner
9 million fewer people voted for obama this election than last and yet the republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong!
great interview on with the parents of otto warmbier 1994 2017 otto was tortured beyond belief by north korea
awesome a treat to get to see the brilliant joan rivers once more icon
the oscar pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to me—a very sad situation for everyone!
i am seriously afraid for our country people dont realize the us is headed for economic destruction
corruptwith the national security leaks and fast and furious there are clearly at least two cover ups in white house
with the great vote on cutting taxes this could be a big day for the stock market and you!
ron estes is running today for congress in the great state of kansas a wonderful guy i need his help on healthcare and tax cuts reform
agree stop have a dig a donaldjtrump and instead is to blame greatest course was built!
“trump rove gave us obama” via
wow watch comey lie under oath to senator g when asked “have you ever been an anonymous sourceor known someone else to be an anonymous source?” he said strongly “never no” he lied as shown clearly on
donaldtrump i snapped that when i was in toronto today donald your place is looking great! thetrumpway
dummy writer who wanted to do a second book with me for years i said no is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!
with had fantastic numbers last sunday trump interview nice!
it was my great honor to welcome president and mrs varela from panama this afternoon🇺🇸🇵🇦➡️…
yes send address
congress is backtime to cut cap and balancethere is no revenue problemthe debt limit cannot be raised until obama spending is contained
i promise to rebuild our military and secure our border democrats want to shut down the government politics!
hillary was involved in the email scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!
my son has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for he is a really good boy who loves helping kids
we need and bill oreilly to be in charge to straighten this country out!
thats exactly what i thought we havent had great leader since reaganampnow trump
wow really bombed tonight people are going wild on twitter! funny to watch
trump is talking about highways huge building projects not as steve hayes said small fry
happy 226th birthday to the united states coast guard thank you coastguardday
any thing u work on is awesome thanks
one of the most expensive projects ever in miami $200m of renovations are right on schedule when completed will be elite!
when you cant say it or see it you cant fix it we will make america safe again! imwithyou americafirst
via “see trump told you so”
the stock market and us dollar are both plunging today welcome to second term
do you beleive all that money was spent on a website ? no much more!
think a show on fox w/donald trump would be something to look forward to agree
oliviawe love you you are doing a great job
do you know how many years starred on taxi? celebapprentice
we cant just stop flights it might offend the west africans and we cant do that!
the us air force won the war in libya to clear the way for islamic extremist control of libya
thank you! an honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the prior to trump2016 2a
trump is the only one who can make america great again carsons sleepy jeb low energy
toledo is a great placeive been there and worked in cincinnati for 2 yearsi love ohio
needs to call into the more often!!! thanks
but i know and think he would do really welltough smart and a good guy!
without more republicans in congress we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally after many years of depletion take care of our military sadly we needed some dem votes for passage must elect more republicans in 2018 election!
its a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our veterans
obama called augusts job report progress overall 96k new jobs and over 173k new people on food stamps
“trump immigration bill a republican death wish” via by
your the greatest inspiration keep up the great work and thank you for all you do thank you virgil!
in a little reported event china has just overtaken the united states as the number one world economic power! great going washington!
been waiting 3 weeks for my fixd is the man and just states things the way they are love his segments great thx
you sir are an absolute legend! wow!
via donald trump to cpac romney didnt talk enough about success by
have a great memorial day and remember that we will soon make america great again!
on 1300 acres in charlottesville wine has been awarded the coveted virginia double gold medal
its so gorgeous! you have amazing taste donald!
its tuesday i wonder how much money lost todaygreat purchase aol
visited doonbeg shortly after ur purchase really an exceptional course and resort thanks!
like it or not haters and losers everybody is talking about miss usa and miss utah by the way she is a fine young womanunfair to her
understand that difficulties mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life dont allow them to knock you off your feet
editorial says clinton primary vote total is 8646551trumps is 7533692a knock but she had only 3 opponentsi had 16apologize
that was insane
hoping to see in office for the next 8 years trump2016
join me tomorrow! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
that was such a great piece really enjoyed it!
rt was barack obama a foreign exchange student?
i love you i love yours books ♡♡♡ resgards from venezuela!!!!
top suspect in paris massacre salah abdeslam who also knew of the brussels attack is no longer talking weak leaders ridiculous laws!
thank you to donald rumsfeld for the endorsement very much appreciated clintons conduct has been disqualifying
not a bad idea!
the cast for next season looks really good!
would give the city hope would give bills fans hope for a promising team
has written a great book plunder and deceit he powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today read it!
this is what we can expect from crookedhillary more taxes more spending bigleagetruth draintheswamp debates
the secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes benjamin disraeli
via pastor saeeds wife expresses gratitude to donald trump for raising her husbands plight
how on do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane? who cares they caused the crash!
when does the trump tower in vancouver bc open up? the pool bar is gonna be awesome 1 year thanks
entrepreneurs money is not always the bottom line it can be a score card not the final score
thank you america! postdebate poll with / from previous poll votetrump2016 makeamericagreatagain
iran looks like it is toying with john kerry on nuclear talks he is begging for a deal to save face negotiation is just not his thing!
the fact that sneaky dianne feinstein who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between trump/russia has not been found would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way totally without authorization is a disgrace must have tough primary!
a beautiful funeral today for a real nyc hero detective steven mcdonald our law enforcement community has my complete and total support
it’s a shame to hear that the is failing no one wants the paper even if it is being handed out for free
mrtrump i tell people i am voting for you when are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing? watch
$6 gas is coming sooner than later america must become energy independent with our own resources and fastalso cont
we must remember this truth no matter our color creed religion or political party we are all americans first
articulate and concise as ever leave it to trump to identify the clear and present economic enemymexico!
eriks story breaks my heart vaccines destroyed his family very sad!
today i had the great honor of awarding the commanderinchief’s trophy for the first time in 21 years to the black knights at the congratulations!
puerto rico being hit hard by new monster hurricane be careful our hearts are with you will be there to help!
because of the democrats not being interested in life and safety daca has now taken a big step backwards the dems will threaten “shutdown” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military at a time we need it most get smart make america great again!
yes but we must act soon
looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty celebapprentice
consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004📈
spent the night at the trump taj mahal in ac had a great time!!!!! great staff!
wowsuch sacrfices for his reelection will not vacation in marthas vineyard this summer
i can’t wait to donate $5 million to charity just waiting on to send me the money
i will be interviewed by tonight at 10 00 on much much much to talk about!
i will be interviewed by chris wallace on fox tomorrow morning tune in!
later today i’m being honored at the park hyatt in washington dc by the wharton club the joseph wharton award dinner a great honor
thank you daytona beach florida! makeamericagreatagain
exceptional dining w/equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive worldclass experiences
the amazon washington post fabricated the facts on my ending massive dangerous and wasteful payments to syrian rebels fighting assad
i agree 100 mccain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our vets
there is never enough trump on why not have him on the phone at least once per month? thanks!
wow usa today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits verdict 450 wins 38 losses isnt that what you want for your president?
2016 is your year! nobody better prepared to fix our country than you please run
remember celebrity apprentice tonight on cnbc at 9 amazing episode watch omarosa get the boot!
is great thanks!
does anyone else think some faces look like picasso sculptures?
“trump hits back at chris matthews’ birther rant ‘he used to be a much more intelligent man’
miss alabama stopped by to say hello today
negotiation tip 1 the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it
congratulations mr trump thank you!
inspiring words on this morning great job as always
can you believe that ted cruz who has been killing our country on trade for so long just put out a wisconsin ad talking about trade?
according to new wpostabc poll obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy
gotta love the honesty
treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at white sand $250m premiere course
i am a veteran from arizona john mccain voted to give illegal aliens benefits and take them from disabled vets
leza gibbons hands down! geraldo is too full of himself to be a true leader
“president donald j trump proclaims october 24 2017 as united nations day” read more
show em how its done in raleigh tomorrow president trump! i will!
merry christmas to all have a fantastic day year and life! the world with great leadership will become a much more beautiful place!
thank you for your support tonight on
my interview discussing jamie dimon the doral miami purchase opecs output and open
just watched you on want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first president i vote for!!!
…almegrahi was the man who blew up pan am flight 103 over lockerbie scotland
james comey leaked classified information to the media that is so illegal!
our country is stagnant we’ve lost jobs and business we don’t make things anymore b/c of the bill hillary’s husband signed and she blessed
think would be a great president
great new poll thank you! makeamericagreatagain
if justice roberts had made the correct decision on obamacare our country would not be in turmoil right now!
i’m surprised that gabriel aubry has settled so quickly and easily with halle—in the long run it was a wise decision
statement on house passage of kate’s law and no sanctuary for criminals act
entrepreneurs everything starts with you realize that youre in charge whatever happens youre responsible
pataki needs a brain surgeon!
congress must defund obamacare it is destroying medicare and breaking promises to our seniors including veterans
with all of the fake news coming out of nbc and the networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their license? bad for country!
thanks matt!
subject to the receipt of further information i will be allowing as president the long blocked and classified jfk files to be opened
with miami’s top newyearseve vacation package is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015
via by “doral mayor declares emergency to give donald trump key to the city”
president obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about syria crossing the red line amazingly now he denies he said that!
loved you on today!! your were great!!! thank you!
right same old political bullshit year after year whyisupporttrump
entrepreneurs keep this in mind great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds albert einstein
its very important that he fills out his march madness bracket on sportscenter while putin takes over eastern europe
big day in washington dc even though white house and oval office are being renovated great trade deals coming for american workers!
stewart ? wouldnt have even a little chance in a debate with me hes totally overrated not fast enough or smart enough!
some dope tweeted my message to my friend bill belichick incorrectlythey called him bob sorry bill!
happy canada day to all of the great people of canada and to your prime minister and my new found friend canada150
today it was my great honor to sign the largest tax cuts and reform in the history of our country full remarks
presidential proclamation honoring the victims of the tragedy in parkland florida
our country is blowing up and is out campaigning
the hillary clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic be careful hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card
going over to to do live at 9 00
congratulations to and all listed 1 on worlds best business hotels
filming of the record 13th season of has started be sure to be on the lookout for future updates
he seems to be doing the right thing hes taking a stand for america and asking 4 some common sense about ebola
is worth more than all of the other presidential candidates combined and plenty more
congratulations to michelle and barack obama on their 20th anniversary
rt the price of greatness is responsibility winston churchill
thanks rob and good luck
no one outsmarts the boss!
little sent me an expensive plaque for making his song “donald trump” such a big hit mac you still
obama never consulted with congress about a prisoner exchange he broke the law and should be tried our president is a total disaster!
dont attack syria an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the us focus on making our country strong and great again!
besides u i think would be a great choice as the 1st woman president very business savy like her dad
when will people start saying “thank you mr president for firing james comey?”
weak news casters are asking is there a racial component to knockout attacks? of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!
lyin ted cruz denied that he had anything to do with the gq model photo post of melania thats why we call him lyin ted!
podesta urged clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged
jeffrey lord former reagan adviser has endorsed the news max debate with a great article
amazing race winning an emmy again is a total joke the emmys have no credibilityno wonder the ratings are at record lows
how come every time i show anger disgust or impatience enemies say i had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people?
obama care is already having a devastating impact on our economy
snowden should come back to america and face justice instead he is begging for clemency from moscow treat him as a spy
rt pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work aristotle!
great hotel!! stayed there twice
muslim brotherhood head of egypt morsi is already making demands on obama before the wh visit obamas foreign policy is a complete failure
lightweight phony lawsuit against trump u was decimated by the court—he’s a loser!
wow hillary and bill are in deep trouble but don’t worry my fellow republicans will let them off the hook all talk no action
president obama said over and over again if you like your plan you can keep your plan period! this turned out to be a total lie90 mill
money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score the real excitement is playing the game the art of the deal
great news ! weve been nominated for irelands best golf hotel 2016we would appreciate your vote!
state department has not revoked a single passport of isis americans we should send them to gitmo for some rampr
when you’re already $500 billion down you can’t lose!
this is my nephew mr trumphe is having chemo againcan you look at this and send a message maybe tyler get well soon win!
my thoughts on the emmys in todays trumpvlog
awesome speech! you can watch it here thank you!
our fallen heroes have not only written our history they have shaped our destiny they saved the lives of the men and women with whom they served they cared for their families more than anything in the world they loved their families they inspired their communities
its no secret that is my hero think big work smart thanks jill best wishes
iran was planning to attack the israeli and saudi dc embassies we should respond accordingly the diplomatic window is closed
so yeah the first vote i will ever cast for president will be donald trump bc who can really argue with donald trump?
via “best new york city hotels
donald trump would be the most ideal president thank you!
take a chance! all life is a chance the man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare dale carnegie
god never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better rev
thank you piers they dont know what theyre getting into
thanks so much really appreciate your comments i will help the veterans like no one else
remember this obama wants to raise taxes wants to lower taxesneed i say more!
my heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 sailors of the ussfitzgerald and their families ➡️…
“us tycoon donald trump in talks with ryanair to bring more flights back to prestwick airport” via
flashbackfriday at military academy second from left
the reason you dont generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix fill in and top!
loved your time on today great points and views
it is finally happening for our great clean coal miners!
the habitual vacationer has sacrificed so much he is delaying his 17 day hawaii vacation a couple of hours
its about time the date was announced! i love this show! celebrityapprentice
what do africanamericans and hispanics have to lose by going with me look at the poverty crime and educational statistics i will fix it!
is kate her own charity? last i checked she doesnt have a job or raise money
if i were walker id be afraid of trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty benefits pathway for illegals
goofy elizabeth warren hillary clinton’s flunky has a career that is totally based on a lie she is not native american
if crazy didnt cover me so much on her terrible show her ratings would totally tank she is so average in so many ways!
ignorance is inexcusable it’s the surest way to fail no acceptable reason exists for not being well informed
let the haters hate mr trump love my new trump tie from trump2016 great!
im doing the david letterman show tonight should be interesting!
i agree it does seem crazy
spread shots out over long period and watch positive result
big win in montana for republicans!
at the univision forum obama continued to make excuses for fast and furious his operation killed innocent americans
i am interviewed on this week on this morning enjoy!
good! and good luck!
my interview discussing the economy unemployment numbers china charles barkleyfrance and the election
my daughter ivanka will be on tomorrow morning enjoy!
the democrats have no message not on economics not on taxes not on jobs not on failing obamacare they are only obstructionists!
rt beautiful article about written by my friend the incredibly talented golfer natalie gulbis
the failing writes total fiction concerning me they have gotten it wrong for two years and now are making up stories and sources!
nbc news is wrong again! they cite “sources” which are constantly wrong problem is like so many others the sources probably don’t exist they are fabricated fiction! nbc my former home with the apprentice is now as bad as fake news cnn sad!
can just fire kate gosselin just because? celebapprentice
congratulations to america’s new secretary of alex azar!
wing bangers the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the us
it would be really nice if the fake news media would report the virtually unprecedented stock market growth since the electionneed tax cuts
thank you greensboro north carolina! will be back soon! americafirst
why does the media with a strong push from crooked hillary keep pushing the false narrative that i want to raise taxes exactly opposite!
the huffington post is such a loserit will die just as aol is dying what a stupid deal aol made to buy it!
from donald trump ivanka and jared’s wedding was spectacular and they make a beautiful couple i’m a very proud father
is on a roll and its only 7 10a my time i love his enthusiasm! if only everyone had his thought process
we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave!
let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead happy th…
rt guam governor to trump i’ve never felt safer than ‘with you at the helm’
untruthful slime ball who was as time has proven a terrible director of the fbi his handling of the crooked hillary clinton case and the events surrounding it will go down as one of the worst “botch jobs” of history it was my great honor to fire james comey!
thank you rep collins! trump2016
cute boy nice
i will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that i do i know my vote trump2016
the dallas event in two weeks at the american airlines center is filling up fast get your tickets fast before it is too late!
rt president trump vows america will respond to north korean threats with fire and fury in a warning to the rogue nation ht…
john mccain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration they really went after him!
im not going to be watching much nfl football anymore too time consuming too boring too many flags and too soft focus on other things!
great job and advice on thank you!
the obama administration is now accused of trying to give iran secret access to the financial system of the united states this is totally illegal perhaps we could get the 13 angry democrats to divert some of their energy to this “matter” as comey would call it investigate!
great and thanks
who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes call it the plenty of notice war
isnt it terrible that used a poll not used before ibd when i was down but refuses to use it now when i am up?
when will realize that hes destroying scotlandthe most beautiful countryside in the world w/ his stupid wind turbines?
love a view without those damn turbines they make ppl sick true
be passionate if you love what youre doing success will follow
cruz really seems out of his element in new hampshire it is such a different battlefield then iowa and the south
billions of dollars in investments and thousands of new jobs in america! an initiative via corning merck and pfizer
mrtrump you can beat all candidates im sure of it you must run
based on conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate
like when bush killed all those kids in iraq when he invaded the wrong country? really bad war
obama through his cronies said the keysyone pipeline was not political how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things?
i will be interviewed on at 8 00 pm enjoy!
the biggest problem with arod is he is bad for the chemistry of the yankees he must go
lyin’ ted cruz even voted against superstorm sandy aid and september 11th help so many new yorkers devastated cruz hates new york!
building a brand is like building a skyscraperthe foundation comes first the bigger the building the deeper the foundation needs to be
i bought the great turnberry resort today considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the world i will take good care of it!
i will be going to puerto rico on tuesday with melania will hopefully be able to stop at the us virgin islands people working hard
via by “ looking to hire hundreds”
my warmest condolences to the families of the horrible roseburg oregon shootings
do you think white house is doing enough about egypt? they dont know what they are doing not even close!
did great on television this morning poised smart and strong with a big heart so much to offer we are all proud of you!
i will be signing copies of my new book time to get tough making america 1 again in trump tower on frida… cont
interview on discussing her beautiful jewelry linemy son barron and the 2012 campaign
budget that just passed is a really big deal especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in us history msm barely covered!
got out of class and immediately turned donald trump on as loud as i could its the weekend
with and the chairman of damac in dubai
wow i never saw the petraeus thing coming a straight laced guy! very sad for him and his family
donald trump is the only hope for a crumbling american economy hope my american friends choose trump
when i made the apprentice the 1 show in the us that was a good day for you
instead of driving jobs and wealth away america will become the worlds great magnet for innovation and job creation
we did it! thank you to all of my great supporters we just officially won the election despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media
hi morgan and good luck
keep hearing about tiny amount of money spent on facebook ads what about the billions of dollars of fake news on cnn abc nbc and cbs?
wow new polls just came out from great numbers especially after total media hit job leading ohio 48 44
run for pres 2016! it will be my first time getting to vote and i want to vote for you thank you nice!
broken borders $18t debt obamacare failing and over budget don’t worry our president is still fundraising priorities
stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the tax cut bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size immediate expensing will have a big impact biggest tax cuts and reform ever passed enjoy and create many beautiful jobs!
new report from doj and dhs shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorismrelated charges are foreignborn we have submitted to congress a list of resources and reforms
dopey arianna is really after meboring story after boring storybut i hear she is in big trouble!
a great great honor to welcome and recognize the national teacher of the year as well as the teacher of the year fro…
keep talking donaldthe people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!!
cruz did not renounce his canadian citizenship as a us senator only when he started to run for potus he could be canadian prime minister
according to a poll over 60 think obamacare will make things worse for taxpayers obamacare is a tax
cbs reports swarms of celebrators were on roofs in jersey on 9/11/2001‼️‼️ video
please let it be and first but u probably like that negativity
join me tomorrow! maga 10am baton rouge la tickets grand rapids mitickets
called it the are going to awful! awful
is practically begging to disavow the place of birth movement he is afraid of it and cont
just finished watching celebrity apprentice on the bbc great work guys for such a good cause
“sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick dont lose faith” steve jobs
irans quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nations national security interests we cant allow iran to go nuclear
wow isis has just taken the city of ramadi in iraq so many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it such a waste
thank you indiana! maga🇺🇸
why does give so much airtime he and other fox pundits is so biased still thinks romney won unfair coverage of trump
if ever we needed someone to lead us out of this mess now’s the time dj! true!
democrats purposely misstated medicaid under new senate bill actually goes up
us airport staff should strike if flights to and from affected countries do not stop
why are you wasting your time with cuban? you are right!
thanks mr trump♡ we ♥ teresa★ rhonj say hello to teresatell her to keep her chin up
myself with mother and father at new york military academy see i can be very military high rank!…
rupert murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
you have done an amazing job i am proud to have been there at the very beginning!
work hard and never give up!
what the lobbyists the media and career politicians will do next to try to stop trump? silent majority is back
will go back on for a final question now!
wow jeb bush just lost three of his top fundraisers they quit!
fox news insider with comments on my speech at cpac in washington dc
is a special player he makes watching the knicks fun i think he can lead the knicks far this season
ive done the largest house sale in us history by selling a palm beach mansion for $100m $60m more than i paid i love real estate
interesting how president obama is flying around in a boeing 747 on socalled earth day!
hitting the first ball at trump international dubai 272 right down the middle
please tell cruz and rubio we are trying to return to the constitutionno more usurpers runtrumprun makeamericagreatagain
boys from the hood call me black donald trump facts great
“the faith of donald trump” a book just out by david brody and scott lamb is a very interesting read enjoy!
did you know before the show how immature and confrontational geraldo was?
six hours left to votetrump connecticut!
unlike what the failing and corrupt new york times would like people to believe there is zero disagreement within the trump administration as to how to deal with north koreaand if there was it wouldn’t matter the has called me wrong right from the beginning!
why arnt u in politics donald? i am!
great day at trump national charlotte loved the renovations
crooked hillary clinton is the worst and biggest loser of all time she just can’t stop which is so good for the republican party hillary get on with your life and give it another try in three years!
theyre going to riot in ferguson no matter what
you have influenced me to become an entrepreneur i am still preparing my business plan youre a good man and thank you
keep doing what youre doing! youre attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! trump2016
a factgolfers dont get aches and pains like others who dont golf it is amazingly remedial
president obama was terrible on tonight he said climate change is the most important thing not all of the current disasters!
former prosecutor the clintons are so corrupt everything ‘they touch turns to molten lead’
via news max nice article thank you so much
remember how did not have any tort reform? now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits
thanks andrea and good luck
what an awful piece on realsports about hbo should be ashamed trump2016 very dishonest piece by racist gum
congratulations to and for the coverage on perks in luxury hotels
donaldtrump i would lovelove to see debates between d and we assume hillary talk about a ppv event d is great!
bob corker who helped president o give us the bad iran deal and couldnt get elected dog catcher in tennessee is now fighting tax cuts
fraud lightweight marco made a tv ad on trumpu featuring 2 people who signed these letters
i think your building makes for an excellent photo backdrop touristinmyownbackyard chicago
wow now experts are calling harvey a once in 500 year flood! we have an all out effort going and going well!
al qaeda terrorist al libi was immediately read his rights and is now being treated for ‘preexisting’ medical cont
it is greatthanks!
the bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool great guy im going to send him $10 000he deserves it!
can i get a rt for in ny saving lots of animals
watch – wh official says that obamacare/romneycare architect gruber was ‘an important figure’ in crafting the law
trumpvine a message for my hotel guest
jebs new slogan jeb can fix it i never thought of jeb as a crook! stupid message the word fix is not a good one to use in politics!
the us cannot allow ebola infected people back people that go to far away places to help out are greatbut must suffer the consequences!
officially celebapprentice is back to being my favorite show! thanks great!
if you treat people right they will treat you rightninety percent of the time franklin d roosevelt
check out this amazing video of donaldtrumps proposed changes to turnberry
is correct u cant allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge s of jobs
sorry to hear was dead last in the gutter in their boston bombing coverage
china is a threat to america they are not our friend
obamacarefail
he is what this country needs! mrtrump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the usa respectable
why would anybody listen to he lost an election that should have easily been won against obama by the wayso did john mccain!
i hope this is your official announcement for your candidacy
dow sampp 500 and nasdaq close at record highs! maga
8 dems totally control the us senate many great republican bills will never pass like kates law and complete healthcare get smart!
you were right on! agreed with product on field is horrible
the justice dept should have stayed with the original travel ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to sc
rt ask our canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms and poor scotland
love the celebrityapprentice! absolutely 100 gold!
no sadly not even close!
great article at least thedonald is finally saying what us average working people know!
!!!!!!! rt best apprentice episode ever tonight at 8 00
thanks adam!
bernie sanders started off strong but with the selection of kaine for vp is ending really weak so much for a movement! total disrespect
if u ran for president i would vote for you!
china has control over north korea!
today will be a great day at work have only one word in mind victory!
with a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt is spending $4 million of our money on his hawaii vacation just plain wrong
we need donald trump to make america great again !!! thanks!
if obamacare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth long term unemployment and record high premiums
standing room only in mason city iowa! thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters!
you are right about the ebola patients its a deadly virus and they shouldnt bring them to the us
played great audio from my press conference on her radio show glad she made it!
but you only want to talk about 10 years later when i still win 10 pm in all key demos
is smart and strategic people should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on
was not good tonight on he just doesnt know about winning! but he is a nice guy
remarks from the roosevelt room with mitch mcconnell and secretary of defense general james mattis
cant wait for you to be president of the united state and what a great country it would be!
how can you deny this facthillaryclinton and barackobama are the two people who made isis a big problem
trending story on miss utah is very unfair she simply lost her train of thought—could happen to anyone!
new tv ad dream for these small businesses hope and change was not so kind tcot
that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump
happy new year to all my jewish friends celebrating the holiday
i havent seen anyone carry themselves so presidential since reagan makeamericagreatagain great!
via celebrity apprentice is number 1 among abc cbs and nbc for its second hour from 1011 pm
thank you and happy thanksgiving
so sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues it will be so great to have trump2016 say it like it is!
donald trump and condoleezza rice what a ticket that would be!
congratulations to on a stunning win in south carolina all eyes are on florida now
trump at tea party via
is jon stewart a racist? see video that includes clip thedailyshow
vote early in the lonestarstate supertuesday will makeamericagreatagain
see news max story re republican national convention
the trumps are my favorite public figures hands down! thank you!
i am a republicanbut the republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
“diligence is the mother of good luck” benjamin franklin
i merely follow mr trump because he is a fascinating observation of power
would it kill you to have a little humility now and then? probably!
great going andy roddick! another victory for a fabulous player brooklyn decker is good luck
was very impressive and is a great person the all star celebrity viewers loved her
trump mideast peace something id really like to do ap photo
please run for president you would be a wonderful leader thank you!
prioritieswhile fundraising and campaigning on our dime obama has skipped over 50 of his intel briefings
i will be making a major announcement tomorrow thursday february 2 at 12 30 pm at trump international hotel cont
today in the center of this great chamber lies billy graham – an ambassador for christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of god’s grace
awarded the renowned 5star rating the 65story brings style luxury and impeccable service
i will be interviewed on at 6 00 am enjoy!
always great to visit with oneonone with the donald in des moines this afternoon
all time hit leader pete rose should now be in the baseball hall of fame he has paid his penalty!
you are the president we need!! thanks
one of the best things i bought in 2014 ties
always enjoy appearing on and were terrific yesterday
starting at a small bible school in florida billy graham soon led a nationwide revival from a large tent in los angeles to one hundred thousand people in a single day at yankee stadium to more than two million people at madison square garden over sixteen weeks in 1957
the april jobs report is terrible if the labor forces didnt shrink under then real unemployment cont
via major makeover trump has big vision for doral by
inauguration day is turning out to be even bigger than expected january 20th washington dc have fun!
taj employee here mr trump we will welcome you back with open arms! we need you back! thanks mark i am looking!
trump4president trump2016 please run for president you can do so much good
the ny safe act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd amendment rights will also increase crime
middle eastern countries must participate militarily no running away and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them!
meeting with “chuck and nancy” today about keeping government open and working problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our country unchecked are weak on crime and want to substantially raise taxes i don’t see a deal!
facebookyou wouldnt believe how tall and beautiful is 65 in heels she is also a total winner in
i am very happy to have the civilian version of the apprentice back on the air this fall there will be excitement as well as opportunity
via donald trump lake norman golf course one of the hottest places around
tonights official count7943 an all time record for the anderson civic center in sc! thanks! trump2016
jon stewart is the most overrated joke on television a wiseguy with no talent not smart but convinces dopes he is! fading out fast
i am a stone cold down to the bone democrat but i will be voting on election day
if doesnt run for president in 2016 i will gut myself on live tv
to me what matters is doing and giving time is far more valuable than just giving money trump16
the crooked hillary vp choice is very disrespectful to bernie sanders and all of his supporters just another case of bad judgement by h!
remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive think like a champion
was watching your commentary on the upcoming presidential campaign youre absolutely right about mitt and jeb donald4pres
thank you florida we are going to make america great again! join us americafirst
donaldtrump saturday night live episode garners highest viewership since 2012
i had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at ny today
i love those beautiful gals d s two amazing women!
“i also protect myself by being flexible i never get too attached to one deal or one approach” – the art of the deal
if you cant run your own house you certainly cant run the white house a statement made by mrs obama about crooked hillary clinton
“trump ‘no way’ bush romney would win in 2016” via by barnini chakraborty
get your ballots in colorado i will see you soon and we will win! makeamericagreatagain
so much spirit in la! thank you to all of our hereos who saved many lives an honor to spend time w/ leos and the cajunnavy!
palm springs ca has been destroyedabsolutely destroyedby the worlds ugliest wind farm at the gateway on interstate 10 very very sad!
masa said he would never do this had we trump not won the election!
thank you for the support south carolina! ussyorktown makeamericagreatagain trump2016
such great support in new hampshire so many people are working so hard to makeamericagreatagain!
thanks david!
tea party rebuttal to obama’s sotu explained why limited government promotes freedom well done!
reports are rnc has received 1 million postcards so far! if i get more info on ill post
trumps brand gives him 2016 mojo
america can be great again with trump at the helm confidence counts
did u see asselrod on oreillyfactor last night?? he mentioned your name he is such an arrogant asshole
i tcompletely agree trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change trumpforpresident
i will not let you down! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
staff at trump park avenue disliked arodto put it mildly the staff at trump world tower loves derek jeter
some of the women on celebrity apprentice are absolutely crazy maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television watch tonight!
france honors a great hero officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in isis related terror attack so much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical islamic terrorism even stronger measures needed especially at borders!
you are awesome! thanks!
i think having jebs endorsement hurts lyin ted jeb spent more than $150000000 and got nothing i spent a fraction of that and am first!
next year i will be changing the name of 800 acre doral to trump national doral it will be the best resort in the country—miami is hot!
nbccensorship im done with them
the mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime it was based on fraudulent activities and a fake dossier paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc and improperly used in fisa court for surveillance of my campaign witch hunt!
amymek amen! has drawn more attention to veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades!
so true after reading the art of the deal amustreadbook goodadvice
be prepared there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into world war iii
do you see president obama surviving these scandals ? sadly yes but he will never be the same!
great night for republicans! congratulations to john cox on a really big number in california he can win even fake news cnn said the trump impact was really big much bigger than they ever thought possible so much for the big blue wave it may be a big red wave working hard!
twitlonger betathe damage that democrats weak repubicans and this disaster of a president have inflicted on america has put cont
id rather run for president than buy our football team interesting point!
we may get out of obamacare because the train wreck is impossible to implement it is a disaster
national review is a failing publication that has lost its way its circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low sad!
cant wait for the new season of celebrityapprentice its gonna be epic!! great cast selection
vaccines shills insist autism starts in utero or genetic but parents insist sudden onset after vaccine
congratulations to the winners of the commanderinchiefs trophy the great air force falcons! watch …
what did you think of the boardroom? celebapprentice
i have a friend that wants to meet your sister
our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in us history
thank you for the t boone pickens entrepreneur award—a great honor for me from a fantastic man
today hosted a military mothers day event in the east room of the wh it was an honor to stop by say hel…
the roads and sidewalks airports and bridges are perfect in dubai everything looks clean and strong in us everything is falling apart!
debate was somewhat hard to watch last night viewership will be way down
your the best in the world for hotels /resortswhy not be our best in history as president? just watch!
trump 4 presidenthas a nice ring to it about time someone who isnt afraid to say/do whats necessary took the reigns
twitlonger betabeyond eliminating the wasteful spending we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of cont
will bring america back our savvy optimism and pride needs a strong leader like donald trump elect2016
“actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny” – harry s truman
only president donald j trump can makeamericagreatagain
via by “donald trump goes to washington”
china is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess they will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortuneamp laugh at us!
cant wait to see on celebrity apprentice hosted by
the 18th hole at the blue monster in miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf
michele bachmann got less than 1200 more votes in the caucus than she did in the ames straw poll very sad for hera nice woman!
if you are president i would hope this kind of honest commentary would remain
just returned from trump doral in miami massive construction job when completed will be the best resort in us blue monster is amazing!
if you were to run for president youd have my vote! youre what this country needs! trumpforpresident trump2016
very subdue atmosphere not take it away from kaymer but its like watching paint dry usopen anticlimax
we could use a new era of greatness! america needs to return to its place in the worldleading!
listen to your daughter! run for prez!
if you keep tweeting macys advertisements i will unfollow you no you wont youre stuck
many thanks
former winner returns to allstar march 3rd on bret shows once again why he is a champion!
who should be the ag replacement? any thoughts? there are a number of very good people!
is as real as they come love her celebapprentice
brandi should win! i hope kate and geraldo get kicked off soon
your my favorite on theapprentice
thanks and yes!
youre iconic! you are going down in the history books! trump2016 so nice thank you
ready to lead ready to make america great again debate maga
i told that and i had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview why? too bad!
great job in winning your first of many majors we are proud of you at trump international work hard be an all time great!
that is not the reason
dang v has been too good no too easydanny is a dummy!
please run for office we cant have hillary running this country even more downhill! we need a leader!
congratulations to on exposing more democrat voter fraud was caught red handed telling people to vote twice
anybody whose mind short circuits is not fit to be our president! look up the word brainwashed
theresa don’t focus on me focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within the united kingdom we are doing just fine!
why isnt obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
interesting polls on who won the gop debate
president donald j trump sounds greatbut what do you think mr trump?
countries which are doing badly i want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level i want safety and security for our people i want to stop the massive inflow of drugs i want to fund our military not do a dem defund
via donald trump gets into crowdfunding fundanything
thank you ohio! americafirst
my interview discussing the convention sealed records and tax claim
will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years! debate…
rexnord of indiana is moving to mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers this is happening all over our country no more!
bowe bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to solders died looking for him us should never have made the deal! punishment?
ran into the ground a change was necessary congratulations to and good luck in the future!
i hope arod has a great night for the yankeeshe owes it to themespecially with derek hurt
opening in 2016 trump hotel rio de janeiro will be a 13story 171guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view
our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician my speech
congrats to my friend who is doing next season’s celebrity apprentice hell be great and will raise lots of $ for charity
the is partnering with and to bring the “prescribed to death” opioid memorial to the ellipse beginning tomorrow april 12th to april 18th more information
celebrityapprentice best show of alllllll time
i want to thank evangelical christians for the warm embrace ive received on the campaign trail video
trump has swag 😘😘😘
iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary
you should vine more often theyre great! trumpvine thanks!
the veterans administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly john mccain has done nothing to help them but talk
if you really thought you could have won you would have ran very bad grammar run
we have all got to come together and win this election we cant have four more years of obama or worse!
they make jeb bush look like the energizer bunny demdebate usadjt2016
i will be on face the nation cbs today at 10 30 am and media buzz fox news at 11 00 am enjoy!
this is my favorite show!!!!
we are on the losing side of almost all trade deals our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the us for many years our steel and aluminum industries are dead sorry it’s time for a change! make america great again!
dummy is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
i’ve just released my position papers on the second amendment
go to macys today and buy trump ties shirts suits and cufflinks as a christmas or holiday presentgreat style great price! only the best
tea
shooting deaths of police officers up 78 this year we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
in the hillary clinton campaign where she deleted 33000 emails got $145000000 while secretary of state paid mccabes wife $700000 and got off the fbi hook along with terry m and so much more republicans and real americans should start getting tough on this scam
why is douglas durst allowed to use the freedom tower to get out of a lease with conde nast?
for years and through many administrations everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the korean peninsula was not even a small possibility now there is a good chance that kim jong un will do what is right for his people and for humanity look forward to our meeting!
in order to get elected will start a war with iran
are you gonna run for president? all this talk of politics is waste if you dont run you are correct!
jeb is incompetent and will lose dont waste your energy on that cry baby!
i had 15000 people in phoenix but said the rooms capacity is just over 2000 but said bernie sanders had 11000 in same room
do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trailralph waldo emerson
reports say isis now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country i told you so
congress should get back to washington but doesnt want to interrupt his vacation in marthas vineyard
“if you dont have problems youre pretending or you dont run your own business” –donald j trump
i feel like the only people who hate are people who cant handle the truthhe tells it how it is
we have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in afghanistan their government has zero appreciation lets get out!
the habitual vacationer called america lazy this past weekend while in hawaii
dummy writer from failing magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important…
the only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors
the media who loves donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid cant even trust fox
wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are located—all for unreliable bad and expensive energy!
i had thousands join me in new hampshire last night! had 68 the silentmajority is fed up with what is going on in america!
i love you youre an american original dont ever change oreillyfactor thank you
will you be coming to doonbeg ?? yes very soon
via trump make up after digs at each other
thank you tennessee! trump2016
via by hannah sampson “blt prime coming to trump’s doral resort”
the washington post is far more fiction than fact story after story is made up made garbage more like a poorly written novel than good reporting always quoting sources not names many of which don’t exist story on john kelly isn’t truejust another hit job!
alex baldwin whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on snl now says playing djt was agony for him alex it was also agony for those who were forced to watch you were terrible bring back darrell hammond much funnier and a far greater talent!
my heroes are either or mark is a great guy and good golfer
my wife melania will be interviewed tonight at 8 00 pm by anderson cooper on i have no doubt she will do very well enjoy!
he really is a great business man and gets the job done right so true!
the truth is a beautiful weapon
hundreds of good people including very important ambassadors and judges are being blocked and/or slow walked by the democrats in the senate many important positions in government are unfilled because of this obstruction worst in us history!
trump leads gop carson stays strong rubio 3rd poll
afghanistan is a total disaster we dont know what we are doing they are in addition to everything else robbing us blind
when are you going to announce your bid for 2016?? thanks for your nice thoughtsour country is a mess!
president donald j trump proclaims october 9 2017 as columbusday
clips from tax speech and on now have a great day!
go get the new book on andrew jackson by brian kilmeadereally good
if not you then who? 2016 nooptions
i cant wait to watch the show! january 4th
just did my final presentation wearing tie definitely increased my grade dresslikeabillionaire
thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job! leo lesm trump2016
to the us but had nothing to do with trump is more fake news ask top ceos of those companies for real facts came back because of me!
we
loveee
enthusiastic dynamic and fun and the american legion va respectful and strong to bad the dems have no one who can change tones!
via by trump to hand out trump memorabilia at iowa summit
congratulations! great feat accomplished well done cant wait to get an opportunity to golf this venue thx
what will happen to omarosa tonight? one of our all time great episodes!
came up to see me a really nice and talented guy
today we just passed 14 million twitter followers
now says that he is an underdog in 2012 america should be so lucky we still need a solid candidate
isis is in retreat our economy is booming investments and jobs are pouring back into the country and so much more! together there is nothing we can’t overcomeeven a very biased media we are making america great again!
just left liberty university chancellor jerry falwell jramp his father have done an amazing jobgreat school and the students were fantastic
johnkasich the voters have spokenwe want you agreed to support nominee get on board or leave
im all for donald trump owning the bills give trump a chance and watch the donald trump the competition
getting ready for commercial
when little morty zuckerman closes his failing will i at least be given some credit? will happen soon
breaking latest poll of florida voters shows enormous lead for trump! hed beat hillary! tcot
remember when i recently said that brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing wrote a critical article i was so right!
ps there is also something really good to say about humility being confident and humble is a great combination maybe the best of all!
getting ready to leave for washington dc the journey begins and i will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for
mr president it is time to lead on the korean crisis make a statement from the rose garden and send a strong message to the man child!
the blue monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho! mentor thanks
march 3rdtune in!
yes arnold schwarzenegger did a really bad job as governor of california and even worse on the apprenticebut at least he tried hard!
thanks thomas!
the q is going to run for president you will have my vote
they are costly inefficient bird killing community destroying machines they are obsolete!
just got recent poll much higher than president o at same timewell much more has been accomplished!
only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for bergdahl orangeroom
entrepreneurs keep your momentum going! its a big factor in sustaining your success keep moving forward!
is a real man of his word he would help america trump4prez
is the worlds greatest developer hes the rockefeller of this generation thank you!
join me in roanoke virginia on saturday evening at 6 pm ! maga
fullrepeal stopping obamacare is now up to the american people we must elect this november
important meetings and calls scheduled for today military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it maga
people are really liking my new book crippled america check it out!
or should i ask mark cuban to tweet at me since you wont he is boring and much poorer than me!
today in bedminster i signed the harry w colmery veterans educational assistance act of 2017 joined by
the heroes who rest in these hallowed fields in cemeteries battlefields and burial grounds near and far are drawn the full tapestry of american life they came from every generation from towering cities and wind swept prairies from privilege and from poverty
crime and killings in chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that i am sending in federal help 1714 shootings in chicago this year!
pay attention to details if you dont know every aspect of what youre doing youre setting yourself up for some big surprises
the healthcare plan post obamacare relies on consumer choices with more options the perfect remedy!
paula deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake she will be back!
with donald trump today after my nraila speech in nashville tn! david keep up the great work!
great day in virginia crowd was fantastic!
thanks for the endorsement but theres far more entertaining folk than me out there theres donald trump for one
i am considering a veto of the omnibus spending bill based on the fact that the 800000 plus daca recipients have been totally abandoned by the democrats not even mentioned in bill and the border wall which is desperately needed for our national defense is not fully funded
you should be ashamed of yourself i got you the highest debate ratings in your history and you say nothing but bad
wrong policy wants to cut defense spending by $487b while china is building their navy in the pacific
ill be up the street tonight at emanuel sending prayers up for your continued success trump2016
via by moshe cohen “donald trump french gun control allowed terrorists to succeed”
lyin ted i have already beaten you in all debates and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates you should focus on jobs and illegal imm!
thank you south carolina! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
america is going to build again under budget and ahead of schedule time to put americafirst! infrastructureweek…
our border is being breached daily by criminals we must build a wall and deduct costs from mexican foreign aid!
ill be playing golf tomorrow in palm beach at the number one rated golf course in the state of florida trump international golf club
new job plan will certainly do the following – 1 not create any jobs 2 borrow more money from china
anybody especially fake news media who thinks that repeal and replace of obamacare is dead does not know the love and strength in r party!
i will be strongly pushing comprehensive background checks with an emphasis on mental health raise age to 21 and end sale of bump stocks! congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue i hope!
ireland scotland dubai! do you ever sleep? not much!
big things expected from tonights key note speech
amazing people are sending letters of support for sign to my other properties including even thank you!
america is open for business!
both candidates are looking sharp now its up to the mouth and the mind vpdebate
hi donald i thought you may like to see a photo of turnberry lighthouse i took last year beautiful!
luther strange of the great state of alabama has my endorsement he is strong on border and wall the military tax cuts and law enforcement
sorry banks when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks he started going after banks—but years too late!
the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united statesa plague like no other!
give the public a break the fake news media is trying to say that large scale immigration in sweden is working out just beautifully not!
my speech to yesterday at the npclunch on the topic of building a business brand via
donald real deal trump ive been calling him that for years!!!!
i am now in texas doing a big fundraiser for the republican party and a special on the border and with victims of border crime!
no place for that in a civil society you should resign immediately they should demand it
is the only choice for 2016 makeamericagreatagain thank you
the new pope is a humble man very much like me which probably explains why i like him so much!
from abc news in demand washingtons highest and lowest speaking fees by scott wilson
just read your complete statement you are an amazing guy and i really appreciate your words and support i will see you soon!
great honor to be inducted into the nj boxing hall of fame last night thank you! timing could not have been better!
give great credit to for exposing the atrocities taking place in sudan
2016 gotta happen
i hope arnold s does well with the apprentice because he is a nice guy and also because i get a big percentage of the profits!
empty pockets never held anyone back only empty heads and empty hearts can do that norman vincent peale
this man is the most dangerous political operative in america via bloomberg politics
us murders increased 108 in 2015 via
watch my interview with greta van susteren tonight at 10 pm on fox news
do it mr trump we are screwed if you dont i agree!
i wonder if knows that is following him on twitter! trump miley thats great!
you are rightmore like the opening of the tonys
have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time think like a champion
entrepreneurs listen and learn from others but make your own decisions take responsibility for yourself its a very empowering attitude!
i look forward to all meetings today with world leaders including my meeting with vladimir putin much to discuss g20summit usa🇺🇸
venezuela should allow leopoldo lopez a political prisoner and husband of just met w/ o…
my interview on discussing timetogettough the gop primary and the news max debatestarts at 23 00
going to scotland ireland and other places in europe to close up deals getting ready for the june 16th announcement
hypocrite watch senator obama defend democratic debate of senate filibuster rules in 2005
looks like is getting ready to attack i am leading by so much he must i hope so he will fall like all others will be easy!
i pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run mr trump thank you
you gotta start blasting weiner everyday til he loses! a total pervert mayor in nyc would be the end!
why you hate so much? i dont hate him at all
after speech tonightwhich should be well deliveredreality will hit friday morning when the new jobs report is released
im a yankee fan and i agree whole heartedly he aint worth it never was trump 2016! great thx
named yod.c.3 greatest celebrity moment great!
is wrong for defense bigleaguetruth vpdebate
the supercommittee is a disaster the republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal they hat… cont
via politico trump extends lead in new hampshire poll
the biggest winner of obama’s ’08 win vladimir putin ultimately he could be tied with iran after tehran becomes a nuclear power
twitlonger betawhile china screws us with every turn of its currency is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face cont
in chicago and loving trump tower those letters look great
my interview with on behalf of discussing why the gop must nominate
why does a failed magazine like constantly seek out trivial nonsense? their circulation way down
trump nat’l jupiter’s designed course is a challenging and innovative 7531 yds w/special features
my daughter ivanka has been treated so unfairly by she is a great person always pushing me to do the right thing! terrible!
new reuters poll! thank you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
why is it that the fake news rarely reports ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? its dead!
cant wait to play this april tee time already booked thanks for another great course
my plan will lower taxes for our country not raise them phony says i will raise taxes—just another lie
the democrats want to shut government if we dont bail out puerto rico and give billions to their insurance companies for ocare failure no!
senator schumer and obama administration let phone company zte flourish with no security checks i closed it down then let it reopen with high level security guarantees change of management and board must purchase us parts and pay a $13 billion fine dems do nothing
tomorrow at 11am makeamericagreatagain
the fake news media will not talk about the importance of the united nations security councils 150 vote in favor of sanctions on n korea!
for eight years russia ran over president obama got stronger and stronger pickedoff crimea and added missiles weak!
if obama was smart he would cancel the muslim brotherhoods wh visit later this month he wont
what an honor to read your piece as one of the truly great intellects and my friend i wont forget!
5 star and 1 luxury hotel offers style luxury and impeccable service
thank you for being a great example of america success story !!! thank you so nice
is definitely different celebapprentice
run donald youve mastered everything else in life now the white house awaits!
on mike and mike in two minutes!
trump national golf club los angeles
condolences on the passing of your uncle and best wishes
book a nation of wusses is an excellent readespecially page 10 go get it!
ill be honored at the family business dynasties gala in nyc on december 5th it will be a great event for a great cause
“there can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty” margaret thatcher
dont worry the united states will be great again!
it is selling great at macysthanks!
donald trump tells fox why he doesnt trust obama on ebola benghazi!
if jon stewart is so above it all and legit why did he change his name from jonathan leibowitz? he should be proud of his heritage!
real wind turbines twitter / danscavino here is a
as a parent education has a high priority it is very important i went to one of the best schools and cont
via by forzadesiderio “donald trump blasts obama on ebola why are you sending troops?”
i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to love each other with each talking of their great friendship typical phony pols
1/2 time magazine has me on the cover this week david von drehle has written one of the best stories i have ever had
historic change! obama has spent over $44m of our money on travel expenses the most for any president
do as i say not as i dothe politicians who passed obamacare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity
talking trade with the vice premier of the people’s republic of china liu he
crooked hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economyif so he should runnot herwill he bring the energizer to dc?
when and how are the dummies at the going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect editorial on me i want smart trade deals
i will be interviewed at 7 00 am on enjoy
i visited nyc last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city greetings from miami
youre rightbillions
isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clintons term as secretary of state when will the dishonest media report the facts!
the only people who don’t like the tax cut bill are the people that don’t understand it or the obstructionist democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the republicans!
trump intl golf links and hotel ireland is on 400 beautiful acres and fronts the atlantic ocean for 25 miles spectac!
apparently you think youre funnier as well actually i do and i dont have writers!
“‘the donald’ got a musket” via
thanks neil
the us has an increased economic value of more than 7 trillion dollars since the election may be the best economy in the history of our country record jobs numbers nice!
thank you america! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
states democrats have willfully used moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against donald trump
congrats to in jcope victory over lightweight
the arrives for justice interview catch it tonight on
in new york march was the coldest month in recorded history we could use some global warming!
scprimary is the only one who will protect american interests makeamericagreatagain
sir that was a great interview you had with piers keep up the good work sir thank you
ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the countryand have inefficient unreliable energy to boot
got up extra early to watch mr trumps interview trump2016 makeamericagreatagain great
entrepreneurs keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative
just arrived for the gopdebate makeamericagreatagain
love you man! im one of the silent majority thats so excited to finally have us a spokesman! behind you all the way!
who cant believe that her candidate has bombed so badly is one of the dumber pundits on tv hard to watch zero talent!
be prepared for a sensational episode of the apprentice tomorrow night 10 pm on nbc
the trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies clinton supports i will fix it fast jobs!
you can find your polling locations at fitn nhprimary votetrumpnh
under our president isis is gaining great strength
linkedin workforce report january and february were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since august and september 2015
congratulations to for once again receiving the aaa five diamond award for another year!
getting ready to make a major speech to the national assembly here in south korea then will be headed to china where i very much look forward to meeting with president xi who is just off his great political victory
can’t fool americans 57 of uninsured hate obamacare reality is less will be insured b/c of this monstrosity
why are we sending thousands of illtrained soldiers into ebola infested areas of africa! bring the plague back to us? obama is so stupid
just won the club championship at trump international golf club in palm beachlots of very good golfersnever easy to win a cc
via by trump blasts romney bush says gop has nobody like trump
via “donald trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battle”
wow great news ! i hear of red state was fired like a dog if you read his tweets youll understand why just doesnt have it!
here your delegate replaced at co gop convention very sad!
on my way to new hampshire expecting a big and spirited crowd! fitn trump2016
senator luther strange has gone up a lot in the polls since i endorsed him a month ago now a close runoff he will be great in dc
a lovely letter from the daughter of the late great john wayne our country could use a john wayne right now
i was proud to be one of ronald reagans earliest supporters like reagan its time to make america great again!
are both wonderful people their show is terrific celebapprentice
my finances have been totally filed dummy!
for those of you that have conveniently fotgotten dummy jon stewart is a bad filmmaker his last effort was a real bomb in all ways!
discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with while hosting the 25th anniversary of his show
great job! make america great again!
see yourself as having a lot already and keep your integrity intact it’s the best path to comprehensive success think like a champion
the reason that president obama did nothing about russia after being notified by the cia of meddling is that he expected clinton would win
obama’s offer to iran will not stop iran’s breakout capability it is a bad desperate deal negotiated from weakness pass sanctions!
the hedge fund guys gals have to pay higher taxes asap they are paying practically nothing we must reduce taxes for the middle class!
donald trump explains celebrity feuds i speak the truth via
where is the leadership to calm our senses as these protests continue? stopdividingtheusa
i am thrilled to share that the trump home furniture collection by just opened a new…
looks like yet another terrorist attack airplane departed from paris when will we get tough smart and vigilant? great hate and sickness!
“watch contestants golf with donald trump via by
thank you california maryland new york and pennsylvania! see you soon! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
pennsylvania cast your vote for trump for potus and also vote for the trump delegates in your congressional district!
make sure you get out and votemost important election of our generationgo romney!
great! i cant get enough of that fantastic place thanks
i am the king of debtthat has been great for me as a businessman but is bad for the country i made a fortune off of debt will fix us
stay strong and get ready for next debate great job last night
china is expanding its military bases abroad we must expand our naval fleet now is no time for defense cuts cont
i will be on the record with greta van susteren tonight at 7 pm eastern/fox news channel
will be on with greta tonight at 10 on foxalways a great show with greta!
as bad as qaddafi waswhat comes next in libya will be worsejust watch
another clip from my interview discussing why sony should not have capitulated to the hackers no courage!
acquisition of lucas film is a smart deal for both sides disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue
good job on oreilly tonight!
obama has unilaterally and unconstitutionally drawn 4 obamacare exemptions for his friends all wants is cont
how come is screwing theapprentice by burning off episodes so fast only one hour each?
the club for growthwhich asked me for $1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a wisconsin ad with incorrect mathwhat a dumb group!
swisher should have caught ball in right field last night
greatnow supreme court justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone obama just stop already
yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the administration
obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run singlepayer health insurance that many doctors dont take
great new poll thank you texas! votetrump makeamericagreatagain
the clinton foundation’s most questionable foreign donations paytoplay draintheswamp
why are you suing an old lady? because she is rich and owes me money i am not stupid!
ohio senator knows how to return prosperity mitt2012 tcot
i want to thank elizabeth steve brian and all of the great folks of for the long and successful run we had together nice!
power from washington dc and giving it back to you the american people inaugurationday
upstate new york is suffering with record unemployment fracking is the answer frack now and frack fast!
if only the illegals were tea party members then obama would get them out of the country immediately
with magnificent views is the perfect venue to host impact events and business meetings
beijing had a bigger celebration than chicago last night the chinese are happier with the election than we are
they should have got darrell hammond as the donald trump impersonator celebapprentice
gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record inflation is coming
a segment from last nights interview discussing and fighting fire with fire in a campaign
via by donald trump surges to commanding lead in postmccain backlash poll
u would do more in 1 week than obama has in 6 yrs! trump4prez fireobama
mullet bay golf course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of st maarten should be ashamed for allowing this
obama administration is killing american industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking terrible for economy
its amazing how different all of the polling results arenot an exact science
“consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car you pay 458 cents in state local and federal taxes” timetogettough
rt the secret of getting ahead is getting started mark twain
donald have you noticed how so many people want you to run? amazing i think you will win handily thanks!
lying ted cruz just on election day came out with a sneak and sleazy robocall he holds up the bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol!
glad to hear north carolina is solid for it started trending for mitt solidly after my speech at the convention
via by exclusive donald trump talks possible presidential run
is a true inspiration to all young entrepreneurs! thanks justin and work hard!
i answered your questions in todays video watch at
conservatives dems independents alike all want trump there is no one else makeamericagreatagain
discussing newyorkvaluesin buffalo last night on the eve of the nyprimarylets go ny! votetrump
“be tough be smart be personable but don’t take things personally that’s good business” – think like a champion
happy medalofhonorday to our heroes! ➡️
put your hat in the ring ill vote for you get busy trump
ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit
everybody wants me to talk about robert pattinson and not brian williams—i guess people just don’t care about brian!
i would love to just chill and talk with about life man is a genius! thanks
use buffet icahn sam zell leon black kravis caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws not me!
getting ready to lift off for laredo will land at 1 oo pm should be exciting and informative!
that was an amazing interview on i hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the is!
people will someday listen to you i hope its not too late!
xxix less than 3 weeks away looking forward to being inducted into the hall of fame!
i hear really bombed in springfieldpeople were leaving show way earlystupid guy!
dont slow down the trump storm american needs leadership not a paper president like obama dont leave us with jeb!
rt rt if you agree we need a president who is fighting for all americans not one who writes off nearly half the country
the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself douglas macarthur
mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who i know is highly respected by president peña nieto
46 stories above downtown new york features loftinspired interiors designed by fendi casa
he would be a great president and we need him to represent and protect americas interests worldwide
i will be addressing a fantastic ames crowd at tomorrows leadership summit
entrepreneurs what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard and then establish it
via “last year it was tiger woods with the walkoff” trumpdoral
sunday march 3thanks!
in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money hypocrite!
if buys the bills they will win the super bowl within 5 years buytheeagles
tell your aunt she is terrific!
every day pastor saeed is imprisoned by iran is an indictment on obama’s ‘diplomacy’ savesaeed
roger goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up his street smart players are laughing at him and the nfl!
thank you plymouth new hampshire! fitn nhprimary
to all young entrepreneurs entering the business world stay positive focused and remember everything has its ups and downs
do your fellow patriots proud and run run! weneedapatriot 1600pennsylvaniaave 2016 patriotwithabrain
by trump’s transformation will make open worth the wait”
policy towards our enemies hit them hard hit them fast hit them often and then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
agreethanks!
donald trump was right ! mccain amongst other rncs voted to cut us military veterans pensions
thank you virginia! trump2016 supertuesday
focus on your goals not your problems and rememberproblems are a mind exerciseso enjoy the challenge
the documentary of me that just aired is a total waste of time i dont even know many of the people who spoke about me a joke!
so wrong! is hosting chinas vp xi jinping today at the pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons
my only new years resolution be more like nice thanks!
crooked hillary clinton who called brexit 100 wrong along with obama is now spending wall street money on an ad on my correct call
rt last nights winner was clear and it will be proven time and time again lets maga!! lets win!! trumptrain
first time watching celebrityapprentice tonight plays no games!
joining tonight at 9 pm e on enjoy!
the us is now begging russia to give back edward snowden in a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor no respect!
general john kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on nfl players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our flag or great country!
for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j trump signature collection ties and shirts are sold
statement regarding recent executive order concerning extreme vetting
you should run instead of just talk about it youd probably win remember your words jake!
“when you have $18$19 trillion in debt they need someone like me to straighten it out
yom kippur blessings to all of my friends in israel and around the world yomkippur
the va scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government when will we learn?
shirts and ties are doing great
clinton’s flailing syria policy was judged a failure vpdebate
wow you are all correct about totally biased and disgusting reporting
amazing! thank you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
i have never seen a thin person drinking diet coke
twitlonger betaour founding fathers got it they understood that nothing good in lifereligious freedom economic freedom cont
we must protect our veterans makeamericagreatagain
mark your calenders for august 23rd
nyc deal making announces speaker lineup inc keynote by
while our wonderful president was out playing golf all day the tsa is falling apart just like our government! airports a total disaster!
and job losses american companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives
crookedhillary is not qualified!
so what did you think of my decision? what would you have done? celebapprentice
i want to make the country great again
you were fabulous on cnn last nighti greatly appreciate your support best wishes
rt looking forward to traveling to manchester nh tomorrow with sec to celebrate the last taxday under the o…
wow what did i wake up to? awesome take nfl
trumps 10000 better then even if hes not from utah
trump san francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration via
the democrats are not doing what’s right for our country i will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law!
staff sgt salvatore a giunta received the medal of honor from pres obama this month it was a great honor to have him visit me today
its a plain fact free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone timetogettough
crookeds stop in johnstown pennsylvania where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians drew less than 200 with bill vp
the appeal of donald trump to people is that hes a fighter not a republican surrender monkey
big crowds standing ovations in south carolina make america great again!
plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz run for president that would so awesome
mr trump if you ran the country whats the 1 thing youd put in place to improve matters in the united states? jobs!
the real war on women under 766000 more women are unemployed from when he took office
lightweight attorney general eric schneiderman will be next to lose he goes after a school with a 98 approval ratingleaves biggies alone
thanks doug skylar and tammy
memorialday🇺🇸
please stop renovating/creating golf courses we need you to renovate the white house! trumpforpresident cute!
celebrity apprentice is great got right into the series big fan of it now! great!
with our brand new tennis performance center offers countless activities along with top courses
we must not allow isis to return or enter our country after defeating them in the middle east and elsewhere enough!
packed venue of people who want to makeamericagreatagain
trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as april! this is all yet another hoax terrible
trump is the real deal baby thank you
via donald trump tweets obama is an incompetent president
today we make america great again!
americafirst rncincle
brought up a lot of good points on this morning i really hope he runs for president
clinton campaign tried to limit damage from classified info on email server draintheswamp
great success!
leaving south korea now heading to china looking very much forward to meeting and being with president xi!
thanks tanja
they laughed at me when i said to bomb the isis controlled oil fields now they are not laughing and doing what i said trump2016
the fact that we are here today to debate raising america’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure sen obama 3/16/06
best of 2013 donald trump at
sounds like a good idea to me!
still waiting for an explanation about why and did not name their son donald unbelievable
departing farmers round table in boynton beach florida get out and vote lets maga! early voting by fl county …
snow and freezing weather all over midsection of country global warming specialists better start thinking fast!
thank you imwithyou
campaigntodate popular gop totals 7546980 5481737 2724749 a big difference
ive really come to like probably best celebapprentice he was smart and tough!
salmond is on a one man crusade to destroya brilliant union and his u turn on your investment is a disgrace! thx
please run for president would be a better choice than seeing tomorrowgtwas great on apprentice
a big fat hit job on tonight a total waste of time to watch boring and biased said i would never run a dope!
crazy joe scarborough and dumb as a rock mika are not bad people but their low rated show is dominated by their nbc bosses too bad!
time debatenight poll over 800000 votes thank you! americafirst maga
i know you will enjoy reading my tax plan makeamericagreatagain
you have so much confidence have you always had it and what is your advice for trying to find my own win!
results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by san juan mayor doing everything we can to help great people of pr!
congratulations on your acquisition of turnberry resort spectacular place fond memories my best gp thanks gary!
crookedhillary obamas third term which would be terrible news for our economic growth seen below
i hate you with a passion but i agree with you on the zimmerman case thank you for being so nice!
via “donald trump sends message to
fox and friends going on now enjoy!
wilson!
just arrived in las vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow big poll results today leading big everywhere make america great again!
great show/guest tonight! legends thank you!
trump for president! trump2016!
very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes crooked hillary clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money!
publicity seeking lindsey graham falsely stated that i said there is moral equivalency between the kkk neonazis and white supremacists
sam youre 100 correct frankly i wish theyd scram
when will the 13 angry democrats and those who worked for president o reveal their disqualifying conflicts of interest? it’s been a long time now! will they be indelibly written into the report along with the fact that the only collusion is with the dems justice fbi and russia?
you cant build a reputation on what youre doing to do great quote by henry ford
if obama doesnt accept my offer to be fully transparent what will he say?
it wasn’t the white house it wasn’t the state department it wasn’t father lavar’s socalled people on the ground in china that got his son out of a long term prison sentence it was me too bad! lavar is just a poor man’s version of don king but without the hair just think
i love mr trumps honesty we need an honest and passionate leader and fire the rest!
seven people shot and killed yesterday in chicago what is going on there totally out of control chicago needs help!
i am hispanic i am with you
dopey im worth $8 billion and youre worth peanutswithout my show nobody would even know who you are
we are getting reports from many voters that the cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest pushpolls on me we are watching!
isn’t it ironic that president obama of all people is pushing for ‘universal background checks?!
the governor of puerto rico ricardo rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard thank you ricky!
never give up youre our last hope!
china is raising its defense budget by 11 wants to cut ours by over $1trillion wrong policy
hear me on now! rozandmocha
if youre interested in balancing work and pleasure stop trying to balance them instead make your work more pleasurable
“china presents three big threats to the united states in its outrageous currency manipulation its systematic cont
thank you its time to makeamericagreatagain! i hope you are doing well!
i hope you run for president when obamas corrupted term is done
obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world we are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions
the fake news is going crazy with wacky congresswoman wilsond who was secretly on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content!
its called for president! theres only one way out of this tepid economy
just saw crooked hillary and tim kaine together isis and our other enemies are drooling they dont look presidential to me!
the miss usa pageant missusa was a big ratings hit for won the evening thank you donald
ul has lost all credibility under joe mcquaid w circulation dropping to record lows they arent worthy of representing the great people nh
ted cruz is incensed that i want to refocus nato on terrorism as well as current mission but also want others to pay fair share a must!
so excited to have performing at the 2015 cadillacchampionship at
captain khan killed 12 years ago was a hero but this is about radical islamic terror and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it!
tbt it is great being part of home alone 2 a holiday staple
today there were terror attacks in turkey switzerland and germany and it is only getting worse the civilized world must change thinking!
trump international hotel and tower vancouver will include vancouver’s first pool bar nightclub and trump spa
who should they looking at? i would tell@ cnn if they were smart enough to ask!
i love u ☝✌👍
blue monster should be top 10 best courses this year!! amazing course layout !! thank you
thanks joseph
like a kid waiting for christmas morningwere awaiting your announcement in june or july trump
jeb bush had a tough night at the debate now hell probably take some of his special interest money he is their puppet and buy ads
its tuesday how many more nonstories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores obamas record?
a very interesting take from
twitlonger betaa real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely not funneling it to his cronies cont
great property! we had an amazing conference here last week! thanks
unbelievable
while in charlotte this weekend will visit my trump national golf club on lake norman—a magnificent place and doing really well!
great job on this week always the best radio with the two of you thank you
only fools or worse are saying that our money losing post office makes money with amazon they lose a fortune and this will be changed also our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the countrynot a level playing field!
leaving the great people of north carolina amazing event heading to tampa now! votetrump
be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions push yourself you can do it think big!
maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future press briefings and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
in contrast to rubio and cruz you look like a giant they look terribly weak thank you!
id vote for him if he were our candidate id go doortodo for him too id feel safe with him as president
remember this told in 09 that it is not true that the individual mandate is a tax
congratulations to tom scocca and timothy burke of for exposing the manti te’o fiasco
trump leading la times poll
is a true leader we need for this country trump2016
wind turbines threaten the migration of birds wheres the outcry?
the clinton news network sometimes referred to as is getting more and more biasedthey act so indignanthear them behind closed doors
while is a gaffe machine yesterdays comments that will put yall back in chains was not at all proper
is doing very badly also very inaccurate stories like aol when will they fail?
on saturday a great man elie wiesel passed awaythe world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil!
fox viewers give low marks to bimbo will consider other programs!
heading to the great state of wisconsin to talk about jobs jobs jobs! big progress being made as the real news is reporting
arsenio may your run be long successful and importantjust be yourself and you will be a smash! good luck
love watching ya manwish you did more on mondays than just 5 minutes or so though
for the first time since roe v wade america has a prolife president a prolife vice president a prolife house of representatives and 25 prolife republican state capitals!
director clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows there is no evidence of collusion w/ russia and trump
when is gonna pay you? that is a very good question! his only good song is donald trump
good luck! enjoy
please run for president! we need a competent leader so i can find a job after college! trump2016
be sure to get a copy of new book american hunter
trump for president! bernie is a joke knows nothing and hillary is yesterdays and todays nightmare
brandi for the win
trump intl hotel and tower new york includes central park views and our signature restaurant jean georges perfection!
what a victory at the member guest today at trump national bedminster braggingrights i love to win!
if the donald were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! try to trump that cowboys!
one thing i will say about rep keith ellison in his fight to lead the dnc is that he was the one who predicted early that i would win!
very nice thanks barb
little mac miller’s next album may bomb he can’t use my name again for sales
i cant imagine you being bad at anything you are the real most interesting man in the world wownice
general motors is sending mexican made model of chevy cruze to us car dealerstax free across border make in usaor pay big border tax!
rory tiger phil and ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at trump national doral
the crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise gang members drug dealers and others are being removed!
third rate reporters amy chozick and maggie haberman of the failing are totally in the hillary circle of bias think about bill!
hi chalita yaemwannang miss universe thailand 2013 in nc see you in moscow
dont worry we clearly dont have an illegal alien criminal problem adiosamerica
i officially accept alsicebucketchallenge very good eric i am always proud of you strikeoutals
rt join live in denver colorado via his facebook page we are here!! makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸
trumps appeal to evangelicals is real trump2016
rt serious meeting today called by at camp david reports on irmas track potential impact fed and state…
the books great crippledamerica
the united states needs the security of the wall on the southern border which must be part of any daca approval the safety and security of our country is 1!
perhaps miss usa can lure snowden back?
after north korea missile launch its more important than ever to fund our govt and military! dems shouldnt hold troop funding hostage for amnesty and illegal immigration i ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big they cant now threaten a shutdown to get their demands
obama’s war on coal is killing american jobs making us more energy dependent on our enemies and creating a great business disadvantage
“ if everything seems under control youre not going fast enough mario andretti””
“no one remembers who came in second” walter hagen
rt today will welcome the prime minister of india to the white house
the women played great today at the uswomensopen🇺🇸 i look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round!
i will not shop at macys i am with you mr trump!
when somebody challenges you fight back be tough!
would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president true!
also if they’re at home who the hell knows what they’re doing a second job maybe
heading to iowa join me today at noon! makeamericagreatagaintickets
you are the best candidate for president in a long time hope you win thanks
just out report united kingdom crime rises 13 annually amid spread of radical islamic terror not good we must keep america safe!
actually i like you!
rt potus the predictor? president trump foretold housing upswing in 2012
my interview last week with greta van susteren is available here in slightly abridged form good info to know about
just heard the campaign was sued by the obstructionist democrats this can be good news in that we will now counter for the dnc server that they refused to give to the fbi the wendy wasserman schultz servers and documents held by the pakistani mystery man and clinton emails
no surprise saudis turned down spot on un security council they don’t want responsibility just have us do their heavy lifting
hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november paving the way for many great supreme court justices!
jeb bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for american workers jeb doesnt see and cant solve the problems
because you wont take crap from anyone who tries to hurt us i truly believe this true!
if dopey mark cuban of failed benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row perhaps i will put gennifer flowers right alongside of him!
are you still scared of trump? nobody is scared of markhe is a short ball hitter!
new wsj poll shows pulling ahead of in iowa great!
the ted cruz wiseguy apology to the people of new york is a disgrace remember his wifes employer and his lender is located there!
seriously for president 🇺🇸✊
expect the country to be further downgraded in the future the rich are all leaving!
thank you brian krzanich ceo of a great investment $7 billion in american innovation and jobs!…
you dont need memaralago is the best and most beautiful place to get married if im there ill stop by congrats!
little adam schiff who is desperate to run for higher office is one of the biggest liars and leakers in washington right up there with comey warner brennan and clapper! adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information must be stopped!
hillary clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays and refuses to speak out against radical islam
time flies it’s 30th anniversary to celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history
exclusive says he will protect evangelicals better than cbn news 2016
wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge its something you cant teach someone elseyou have to achieve it on your own
i dont believe in government picking winners or in the case of picking losers
today is referendum on obamacare amnesty slow growth having your healthcare dropped and all the other lies
interviews mr trump the more you talk @ what you would do if president the more people want to hear more from you
record setting cold and snow ice caps massive! the only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons incompetent pols
will makeamericagreatagain
we love you trump!!! trump for president! makeamericagreatagain
is going to make hillarys head spin tomorrow morning presidential debate? yes please trump2016
sorry couldnt do this morningbig meeting will double up next week at 7
lets see!
obama administration fails to screen syrian refugees social media accounts
looks spectacular
thanksthats trump international hotel and tower
meeting with biggest business leaders this morning good jobs are coming back to us health care and tax bills are being crafted now!
trust yourself create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life golda meir
rt manufacturer optimism hits record high after taxreform plan revealed
rt chances of impeachment went from 3 to 0 with comeys testimony
obama should stop talking about wind turbinesthey are a disaster for a country or community and are very expensive and unreliable
run 4 president we need your business mind to make america great again
entrepreneurs ignorance is not bliss its fatal its costly pay attention or get crushed watch listen and learn
totally biased went out of its way to say that the big announcement from ford gm lockheed and others that jobs are coming back
discusses our trumppets program
obama’s coal regulations will destroy the coal industry put americans out of work raise electricity prices and lead to blackouts
trump will make america great!!!! changetheworldin5words
on at 9 00am or 10 00 am depending on your location on fox is a tough but really good interview with chris wallace enjoy!
the debt is our nations greatest threat is out of touch
while jon stewart is a joke not very bright and totally overrated some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor too bad!
rt nothing can stop the trumptrain‼️
well the new year begins we will together make america great again!
a record high 67 of americans are living in extreme poverty this is tragic we can do better
everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in dallas last night spectacular crowd and arena! thank you
you were fantastic in defending both the second amendment and me last night on don lemon is a lightweight dumb as a rock
more and more people are suggesting that republicans and me should be given equal time on tv when you look at the onesided coverage?
youre a legend!! wow!
jodi should try but the govt should not make a deal no jury could be dumb enough to let her off but you never know look at oj and others
build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results thats building the right way think like a champion
its very sad that republicans even some that were carried over the line on my back do very little to protect their president
the country needs to be run like a business no better person for the job than you! i agree thanks
china has been taking out massive amounts of money and wealth from the us in totally onesided trade but wont help with north korea nice!
if russia or any other country or person has hillary clintons 33000 illegally deleted emails perhaps they should share them with the fbi!
must read article by “anthony weiner is a twit who treats women like dirt”
the us consumer confidence index for december surged nearly four points to 1137 the highest level in more than 15 years! thanks donald!
another dishonest politician lightweightsenatormarcorubio
printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our countrys economic woes the fed is destroyin… cont
we love you donald ! finally someone who actually cares about us !!
rt president on dem fisa memo a lot of bad things happened on the other side not on this side but the other…
everybody is in a new york state of mind now!
looks like a great cast the show is incredible cant wait!
rt pope francis tear down that wall! vaticanwalls
don’t forget to watch tonight—you will love it! 8 pm on nbc celebapprentice
this show was taped just before the terrible bill cosby revelations came to lightshe still should have asked him for moneygoes to charity
happybirthdayyogiberra!
remember we dont get any oil from iraq china gets whatever isis hasnt already taken so why isnt china sending the troops? too smart!
“ welcome to trumpdoral and good luck on wednesday! cc orangebowl” well well hailstate
is rightthis election is about jobs but it is interesting that cont
making speech tonight in new hampshire leaving now fantastic people fantastic crowd!
i am being investigated for firing the fbi director by the man who told me to fire the fbi director! witch hunt
keep talking about me use trumproast to tweet about how good i look on tonight at 10 30/9 30c
congress – house and senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society keep america safe!
the fake news media never fails hard to ignore this fact from the vice president of facebook ads rob goldman!
who is to pretend innocence when they “racial profile” all over the place? paid big fine!
this morning i will be going to the commissioning ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world the gerald r ford norfolk va
celebrityapprentice dont follow me but he has children to be proud of i really admire
rt please read my full endorsement of for president of the united states
just deleted the app off my phone its a shame we used to spend thousands there a year no more boycottmacys
goodadvicein4words vote for president
to win the democrats are overplaying their hand they lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality the real story
we are a long way from conclusion on north korea maybe things will work out and maybe they won’t only time will tellbut the work i am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
hillary said at debate isis is going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst she made up storywant apology!
on china barriers and tariffs to come down for first time
somerset county new jersey swat team really fantastic people!
is suggesting football is going away and will lose is a moron
rt great interview on by w/ carrier employee who has a message for peotus and vpe…
thank you north carolina! trump2016 supertuesday makeamericagreatagain
go get em!! how does it feel to be the next potus? trump2016 thanks for the spirit!
oprah will end up doing just fine with her networkshe knows how to win
my interview before hurricane sandy explaining that i would be staying in trump tower during the storm
billygrahams grand daughter supportstrump so nice thank you cissy graham lynch!!!!
im having a real hard time watching the academy awards so far the last song was terrible! kim should sue her plastic surgeon! oscars
see you soon arizona! trump2016
trump to liberty u students the world is laughing at us via
it makes me feel so good to hit sleazebags back much better than seeing a psychiatrist which i never have!
i just passed a 10 block long gas line going to lga airport a terrible situation!
thank you to the men and women of fort myer and every member of the us military at home and abroad usa🇺🇸
you would think a paper like the washington post would be fair and objective for the record almost all polls showed i won all debates
word is that van susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at and because she refused to go along w/ trump hate!
mr trump you werent just huge on you were awesome wisdom and humor are a powerful combination!!!
he says what others are too afraid to say the truth!
a letter from an amazing woman
just landed in baton rouge louisiana reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in wow! makeamericagreatagain
i absolutely love this cant wait till u debate clinton
thank you senator trumppence16
chicago dont forget tix for wine tasting fundraiser 11/22 proceeds benefit
michigan has made great progress under snydercalley is out early energizing the grassroots keep it up! joinmiteam
is far nicer and real on letterman than he is on twitter interesting!
despite what you have heard from the fake news i had a great meeting with german chancellor angela merkel nevertheless germany owes
i have spread out my sons shots over the past 5 years he is fully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in september great
obama and clinton told the same lie to sell obamacare debates2016
said such nice things about me during the debate that i thought id do his show on monday 2 30 pm est
everyone adores you including me get well fast!
keep the momentum going mr trump all the best to you for the new year make america great again ! thanks
and we love you diamond and silk i do also!
it’s monday how many fundraisers will obama hold today?
dont believe whiningproromney superpac spending is on par with proobama superpac
nevertrump is never more they were crushed last night in cleveland at rules committee by a vote of 8712 make america great again!
on rugged aberdeenshire coastline par 72 course is 7400 picturesque yds threaded through dunes
rt spoke with pres trump and heads of homeland security and fema theyre helping texas respond to hurricaneharvey
rt thank you to for this incredible feature! golferinchief
just left istanbul turkey yesterday where trumptowers was just openedmagnificent!
“go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you” – think big
should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1 will be taking up so much time but who knows maybe a star will be born unlikely
amazing interview you and your family will be great role models for america!!! makeamericagreatagain
stunning! wishing you a great success in mumbai thank you
twitlonger betathe blatant waste of taxpayers dollars doesnt bother obama because its all part of his broader nannystate cont
mrtrump are u going to run for 2016 presidency? i hope so!
i can’t believe apple isn’t moving faster to create a larger iphone screen bring back steve jobs!
thanks to for putting on such a great concert fot john was a winner on celebrity apprentice and is a fantastic guy
is fighting corruption big donors took over cruz no to donors
thanks and happy holidays
said this from the beginning need real leadership trump2016
13 states have voter registration deadlines today fl oh pa mi ga tx nm in la tn ar ky scregister
shouldn’t be too upset over he will always do great!
an honor to meet with the polish american congress in chicago this morning! imwithyou video …
put kathleen sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say youre fired! let her go home to her family and rest bring in top flight people!
great poll! thank you north carolina! votetrumpnc on 3/15!trump 36cruz 18rubio 18carson 10kasich 7via
rubio sat back during debate on immigration hoping no 1 would ask him about gang of 8
thank you youngstown ohio! i love you! get out and votetrump tomorrow trump2016
walked past your building in vancouver todaygoing up very fastwill add some style to vancouver
little andy lassner who lives his life through ellen and has nothing else going for himself is having a really bad night! oscars
republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again!
makeamericagreatagain thank you for this discourse wounds have been healed great job!
annika thanks you are the greatest we all adore you!
obamas economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families the price of corn alone has risen over 200 since he was elected
“ice skaters invade maralago as snow falls on palm beach salvation army ball!” via
i was referring to a backstop for preexisting conditions i will eliminate the law in its entirety and replace it w/ something much better
while i hear the koch brothers are in big financial trouble oil word is they have chosen little marco rubio the lightweight from florida
just arrived heading to a briefing with the joint interagency task force south northcom and southcom
this is about the money i gave to charityand in response to your comments about gadhafi
looking forward to learning from the best thinkbigmakeithappen
slaughter you this is a purely religious threat which turned into reality such hatred! when will the us and all countries fight back?
fake news cnn made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday they were caught red handed just like lonely brian ross at abc news who should be immediately fired for his “mistake” watch to see if fires those responsible or was it just gross incompetence?
gop or dem you have to love trumps blunt honesty so many things wrong most wont point out borders big problem
standing with as he defends our sailors and military and americans in the usa
headed to trump central park for my wifes birthday!! cant wait!! have fun!
my thoughts on joe paterno and political analysts in todays trumpvlog
no wonder sony is doing so badly really stupid leadership that wants al sharpton to help watch him turn the tables on chief amy pascal
looking forward to keynoting leadership summit tickets selling out
the hardest thing clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including iraq vote emails etc
the next celebrity apprentice cast is 🔥 true!
bain did not list as an executive on its website in 2000 saul alinsky tactics wont work!
mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls postdebate shows that the american public can still spot a real winner
rt today’s court decision means that congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens i…
hillarys health care policies draintheswamp debate
ive got to tell you i love love love the trump in toronto
its almost june and time for the big announcement!! makeamericagreatagain trump2016 trumpforpresident
our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases our leaders are inept
some of the fake news media likes to say that i am not totally engaged in healthcare wrong i know the subject well and want victory for us
republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way!
do you think anthony weiner deserves a 3rd chance? no
entrepreneurs always remember that deals are fluid terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success
amazing crowd outside tune in tonight at 11 30
if people knew how hard i worked to get my mastery it wouldnt seem so wonderful at all michelangelo
melania and i offer our deepest condolences to the family of otto warmbier full statement
entrepreneurs focus on your goals not on fixed patterns do whats necessary and whats unnecessary will be made clear
chinese president xi xinping and i spoke at length about the meeting with kim jong un of north korea president xi told me he appreciates that the us is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative china continues to be helpful!
vanity fair is failing news tand sales are down 20 percent2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has cont
spanish version of obamacare website delayed hitting google translate apparently too complicated makedclisten
sorry but this is years ago before paul manafort was part of the trump campaign but why arent crooked hillary and the dems the focus?????
the electoral college is a disaster for a democracy
donald trump gop has ‘nuclear weapon’ in fiscal cliff negotiation but they don’t know it via
i will be in cincinnati ohio tomorrow night at 7 30 pm join me! ohiovotesearly votetrumppence16 tickets …
lost a big motion yesterdayshe is entitled to nothing the show made hershe should have been happy
hello mr trump long time reader first time tweeter how do i deal with bullies? attack or ignore!
are we going to hear more buseyisms tonight on ? yes big time!
sounds like a fantastic project keep us posted on the progress take care thank you
just spoke to president macri of argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the west side terror attack god be with them!
pinnacle of chicago skyline trump
if hilary clinton runs for office has too or im moving to canada
your book opened my eyes i stand with sr trump! america needs you to run!
the art of the deal got me off my ass and got me in the game we all have 24 hours in a day no excuses for me thanks!
american homeownership rate in q2 2016 was 629 lowest rate in 51yrs we will bring back the american dream!
deserter bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve obama trying to play this mistake down!
the opposite!
i agree hasnt be right about anything in a very long time shocking that gives him a platform
do u think the republicans will force the lost emails to be found? no it is not in them!
“runaway obamacare spending will cost democrats” via by
kasich only looks ok in polls against hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed zero negative ads against him
obamacare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16 of the economy and ultimately more!
wow just in obamacare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs even dems are shocked by 25 million number disaster!
the generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically c!
i will be interviewed by on at 10 00 enjoy!
will you please run for president ??????? youve got our vote! thanks
truethanks!
donald trumps palm beach mansion 😍💰 which i turned into the greatest club in the worldmany jobs!
your cpac speech 2015 was presented so clear straight forward it made it so easy to understand wt prob us has!
not recent long term support for the autism community
let pete rose in!!! yes!!!! he deserves it
good point!
why isn’t the european union and canada informing the public that for years they have used massive trade tariffs and nonmonetary trade barriers against the us totally unfair to our farmers workers and companies take down your tariffs and barriers or we will more than match you!
thanks christopher
the best candidate! gotmyvote makeamericagreatagain
rt please fire soon!
crooked hillary said that i want guns brought into the school classroom wrong!
just hit 50 in the rasmussen poll much higher than president obama at same point with all of the phony stories and fake news it’s hard to believe! thank you america we are doing great things
dont let the fake media tell you that i have changed my position on the wall it will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc
true and thanks!
rt my oped on the importance of youthsports participation and how this administration is seeking to lift barriers so all our…
the winner of best in show at the westminster kennel club show miss p will be coming to my office this morning
for the disciples of global warming in 150 summers years there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than currentthis has happened b4!
so can u run! please be our president
great to have you and your great team at trump national doral go out and finish your fantastic season in style!
sleepy eyes chuck todd of fake news nbc just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with north korea and they have given up nothing wow we haven’t given up anything and they have agreed to denuclearization so great for world site closure and no more testing!
after decades of our leaders allowing china to steal our jobs and rampd the chinese will ‘overtake america’ in 2016
the obamacare websites have cost over $5b and many still do not work one of the greatest fiascos in modern history!
a donor was found! james goes into the or tonight for his second double lung transplant! hope
large block grants to states is a good thing to do better control and management great for arizona mccain let his best friend lg down!
wow hillary clinton was so insulting to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people i think it will cost her at the polls!
failed presidential candidate was made to look like a fool by senator harry reid and didnt release his tax returns until 9/21/12
great speech in iowaobama/kerry throw israel under the bus
price gouging at many gas stations $10 a gallonwelcome to the new world
this assignment has been a challenge to both teams celebapprentice
president obama refuses to answer question about iran terror funding i wont dodge questions as your president
i am going to repeal and replace obamacare we will have much less expensive and much better healthcare with hillary costs will triple!
even those registered to vote who are dead and many for a long time depending on results we will strengthen up voting procedures!
new hampshire poll rules gop race in new hampshire trump 27 rubio 13 cruz 11 bush 9 carson 9 and kasich 7
must read article by and “america’s untapped energy weapon” we dont need foreign oil!
looking forward to seeing my friend prime minister of japan at noon will be discussing north korea and trade
thank you orlando florida! we are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man woman and ch…
will be in bangor maine today at 3 pm join me! magatickets
do your homework wasting other people’s time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression – think like a billionaire
at least 12 dead and 50 wounded in coloradobring back fast trials and death penalty for mass murderers and terrorists
going to cpac!
thank you to carmen yulin cruz the mayor of san juan for your kind words on fema etcwe are working hard much food and water there/on way
looks great! @ night i saw it saturday during the day and it also looks great in the daylight too! great thanks!
i believe no i know that would be a better president than hillaryclinton
china is happy to learn that plans to borrow another $300 billion is their favorite client
crooked hillary clinton looks presidential? i dont think so! four more years of obama and our country will never come back isis laughs!
reading of the ny times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him dummy!
you made snl great again
the failing is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women
i am very disappointed in china our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade yet
will be interviewed on tomorrow morning monday at 8 00 much to talk about!
legal and illegal immigration drive down american wages only donaldtrump can fix this trump2016 teamtrump
there are many jonathan gruber types selling the global warming stuff and they really do believe the american public is stupid
how do i sign up to be a campaign volunteer?! you will be called!
let in the hof its time!
i will be interviewed by on tonight at 7 pm enjoy!
do you believe that the state department on new years eve just released more of hillarys emails they just want it all to end bad!
brian williams who is not the nice guy that people think he is has now become totally irrelevant he will never again hold court!
“the thing about high corporate tax rates is that in the end companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill consumers do” timetogettough
i love t recent pole showing obama as the worst pres and bush as t 2nd worst since wwii lol!!!
why are people giving money to karl rove when he just wasted $400m without any victories? use your head
baseball hotdogs apple pie and a vote for in 502 days! on 11/08/2016 we make our country great again!
donaldrun for president plezzzzzzzz
entrepreneurs be totally focused know everything you can about what youre doing give your work 100 of your concentrated effort
with autism being way up what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs big pump doses into those tiny bodies?
hey missouri lets defeat crooked hillary and koster supports obamacare and amnesty! vote outsider navy seal
the money losing is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites losers!
he has all the ingredients to get elected and turn this this ship around! run! dont let us hit the iceberg!
are you really calling for the execution of snowden he is a traitor absolutely others wont follow!
excited to speak at tomorrow nights lincoln day dinner in michigan “all time sales record over 2000”
great solidarity for our national anthem and for our country standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable bad ratings!
“it is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep” – makeamericagreatagain
wow—family feud said i am the third most envied man in america i respectfully disagree—i am very modest
if you run you got my vote you know how to run business and grow it thats what our country needs thanks
mr trump you are one of the people i most admire ! greetings from venezuela! thanks
we are a cuban family from miami florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in miami great
thank you foxconn for investing $10 billion dollars with the potential for up to 13k new jobs in wisconsin! madeintheusa🇺🇸
washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing our own infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair no more! its time to rebuild and we will do it with american workers american grit and american pride!
debate cruz one on one i would just tell him that you were to busy running for the president of usa not canada
just purchased a few trump ties great styling! thanks
if i could meet anyone in the world id want to meet lovehim
trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hardhit rockaways residents sandy
with the impending crisis in korea is it a big confidence builder that chuck hagel is sec of defense? elections have consequences
welcome to america 874 million workers on federal disability where are the jobs?!
flashback – “donald trump answers boy’s prayer for new bike” via
great job you deserve it!
on the luxurious palos verdes peninsula features top public course and elite restaurants
people are very naive if they think only the patriots do this had no effect on the game go to court
played golf yesterday now he heads to a 10 day vacation in marthas vineyard nice work ethic
hope you have a great day! loved your speech at cpac thanks kim!
i just arrived at trump national doral in miami where ill spend the day checking work just completed by contractors this place is amazing!
rt usnscomfort en route to puertorico from norfolk virginia to support hurricane maria relief efforts 🇺🇸🇵🇷
we will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts courage in our souls and everlasting pride in each and every one of you god bless america
via “obama’s border policy fueled epidemic evidence shows”
lets go trump2016
looking forward to addressing on december 15th at the marriot marquis washington dc
if youre going to thinkthink big the art of the deal
pleasewhen does celebrity apprentice start???? january 4th
please stand up for american hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying usa!
how do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? i will be using facebook and twitter watch!
trump protect the 2nd amendmentand by the way we’re going to be saying merry christmas again iowa crowd loves it
the many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful!
without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing!
you are my inspiration thank you!
maybe shulman is having an affair with someone in the white house he looks a little gay
always great to see the wonderful people of south carolina thank you for the beautiful welcome at greenvillespartanburg intl airport!
best 2013 golf courses trump intl golf links scotland great honor great magazine—thanks!
looking forward to speaking at saturdays freedom summit in manchester second visit to new hampshire this year
when i bought the missuniverse pageant 13 years ago it was on life support
the failing which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win apologized is totally inept!
obama left our american hostages in iran trump2016 sadly so true!
it was an honor to welcome to the today with pence and attorney general sessions thank you fo…
the donald trumps all ! trump2016
looking forward to ityou need a permanent position there they would like that big league but i have no time!
i will be doing greta van susteren tonight at 10 pm on fox news talking about china and mitts failed campaign team
the number of unemployed americans has increased over 60 during obamas term the economy cant survive another 4 years
yesterday i was in washington dc visiting the trump old post office renovation it will be magnificent
my list of potential us supreme court justices was very well recieved during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list!
its worse for i know i wouldnt pay $400 to play what looks like a neglected municipal course
trump rallies veterans at annual rolling thunder gathering
knowledge requires patience action requires courage put patience and courage together and you’ll be a winner
a veteran and true conservative will make a real difference in washington ny1 gop gotv for lee tomorrow!
obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester the middle east is a mess yet colin powell still endorses him wonder why?
is weak on illegal immigration and totally incompetent as a manager and leader no strength or stamina to be potus!
i wonder if ever had an indonesian passport did he become an indonesian citizen when he lived there?
thank you new york! i love you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
as soon as john kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against crooked hillary clinton i will win!
stupid george will gave no chance 3 months ago take off his little spectacles and hes just another dummy
biggame trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of elephants or any other animal
thats really nicegood luck!
china is ripping wealth out africa and yet as usual refuses to put anything back to help with ebola let the stupid americans do it! sad
i have a lot of stock and i miss steve jobs tim cook must immediately increase the size of the screen
i will paul thanks
“successful people dont have fewer problemsthey have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward” dr benjamin carson
only the stupid would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble
caught he cried like a baby and begged for forgivenessand now he is judge and jury he should be the one who is investigated for his acts
you can do much better than you did tonight on better luck tomorrow!
rather than causing a big disruption in nyc i will be working out of my home in bedminster nj this weekend also saves country money!
enjoying day 1 of my stay in s hotel improvedsincelastyear lovely
my goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as did at my age
i hope tom brady sues the hell out of the for incompetence and defamation they will drop the case against himand he will win
a former secret service agent for president clinton excoriates crooked hillary describing her as erratic and violent bad temperament for pres
mr trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking we need to turn america around if we want to save her
yes trump wouldnt owe anyone anything important! so true!
mr trump very excited for the new season of the celebrity apprentice! incredible show always top level television
probably mark
“strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective” andrew mellon
i said simply that the mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the mexican govt is pushing their hard core to us
great numbers from poll also from abcwashington post poll thank you!
for president time for a change in the right direction
just watched and how totally biased against me chuck todd and the entire show is against methe good news the people get it!
amazingplaying with an ankle injury captain derek jeter tied willie mays last night for 10 on cont
the democrats are all talk and no action they are doing nothing to fix daca great opportunity missed too bad!
i would work ur campaign and u wouldnt even have to pay me happy holidays!
says he is a member of dallas national but doesn’t play golf who is a member of a golf club that doesn’t play?? no talent!
david lettermans show has become so boring and mundane somehow every time i look i cant help thinking of cont
next year will be an interesting one i look forward to running against hillary clinton a totally flawed candidate and beating her soundly
i saw you in des moines and now i cant wait for celebrity apprentice to start
in light of boston immigration legislation will be much harder to get
rt acu announces will be a featured speaker at cpac2013! get tickets today at
looking forward to friday night in the great state of alabama i am supporting big luther strange because he was so loyal and helpful to me!
godbless you mister thank you
cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes america the place to invest! great news as toyota and mazda announce they are bringing 4000 jobs and investing $16 billion in alabama helping to further grow our economy!
the theater must always be a safe and special placethe cast of hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man mike pence apologize!
wow just rated the renovation of the blue monster the best of the year even better they stated it may be best of all time!
the results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous i won! thank you these are very exciting times
looks much stronger and much more presidential!
donald you also belong in the same category as a great leader the us needs you! thanks
check out my new book time to get tough making america 1 again
i dig the trump chicago sign say whatever you want about builds beautiful buildingsso true!
watching john kasich being interviewed acting so innocent and like such a nice guy remember him in second debate until i put him down
back in ny from scotland and fighting for our country to get better trump international golf links scotland opened to rave reviews
“the harder you work the luckier you get” gary player
the us has gained more than 52 trillion dollars in stock market value since election day! also record business enthusiasm
run damn it!
heading to trump national doral to check the progress prior to the start of the cadillac championship on thursday i’ll be there all week
earth shattering he and his brother could drain the swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled fake news weak!
nothing as they always do
re decisions cover your bases then ask yourself this question what am i pretending not to see? this can save a lot of time and trouble
the real outsourcer is funding german automakers with the gm bailout money how does that help us?
for all of those who want to makeamericagreatagain boycott they are weak on border security and stopping illegal immigration
good move by bernie s
loved the showtrump2016
our clubhouse on the north sea
make sure to follow me on i will be streaming my announcement at 11am
years as a pol in connecticut blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in vietnam except he was never there when
if you want to be successful in business you must take risks make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback
the dollar always talks in the endalthough our pols are killing the dollar!
china is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020 over $23b in expansion that would take over 100 years in our country
salute you sir thank you
poll numbers are starting to look very good leading in florida arizona and big jump in utah all numbers rising national way up wow!
a message to the great people of new hampshire on this important day! votetrumpnh video
trump 2016! we need someone who not only wants to change this country but can change this country thanks
we should not cut any aid to egypt their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government
dont forget to watch celebrity apprentice this sunday night at 9 pm on nbc youre in for a great show
the great governor of arkansas is in a primary tomorrow he has done an incredible job with a focus on lower taxes border security and crime prevention asa loves our military and our veterans i fully endorse asa for governor!
air strikes? whos air strikes??
they are great people!
makeamericagreatagain trump2016 katrina great job on last night!
not only nice hair he is a warrior and leader! you can trust him he genuinely loves america and american
big win today in the house for gop tax cuts and reform 227205 zero dems they want to raise taxes much higher but not for our military!
real estate taxes are far too high westchester a total joke how they waste money! replace mayor vescio
thank you south carolina!
i will be the greatest jobproducing president in american history trump2016 votetrump
via “new hampshire poll trump into toptier status”
i will be visiting trump intl golf links in scotland tomorrow always great to see the great dunes of scotland
“ a brand new championship golf course in nyc developed by donald trump and anyone can play it”
watched got me pumped
you want to send more americans out to war? why dont you sign up? i am against an attack on syria dummy!
crooked hillary clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd amendment no gun owner can ever vote for clinton!
watching s show celebapprentice to see
entrepreneurs keep your focus and keep your momentum listen apply and move forward set the standard!
finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government go donald!
i will be talking about my wonderful experience in iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the medialater in new hampshire big crowd
obama just appointed an ebola czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control a total joke!
favorite fails is my favorite! celebrityapprentice trump2016
to all young college graduates – stick in there keep your head up and make sure you don’t miss any opportunities they are out there
thank you to general john kelly who is doing a fantastic job and all of the staff and others in the white house for a job well done long hours and fake reporting makes your job more difficult but it is always great to win and few have won more than us!
“ time to get businessmen in dc instead of politicians trump for pres!”
the prayer breakfast was used by to say that the bible commands higher income taxes thats not the way it is!
if you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from obama supporters make sure you report it immediately
if one man could get this fucking country back together donald trump can i admire him
speaks nothing but the truth unlike certain people in the current presidential administrationtrue diane
dont be a fool
an insightful article on
merry christmas and happy holidays! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
“if the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter” george washington
obamas deal vs trumps deals
thank you and for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!
w/ spectacular panoramic pacific ocean views is the top luxury public golf course in the country
obama is not working us manufacturing orders fell a record 139 in august wheres the recovery?
rt pope on trump a person who thinks only about building wallsis not christian this is vatican city
the premiere of donald j trumps fabulous world of golf is tomorrow night at 9 pm et on golf channel tune in for a great adventure!
check out mccains record on blocking legislation blocking mia/pow records
i was never a fan of colin powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in iraq disaster we can do much better!
all mr is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth loving the tweets thank you
spent a beautiful weekend golfing at trump national golf club westchester and trump national golf club bedminster
josh brolin a friend of mine was terrific in men in black congrats!
such bad reporting a puff piece on ben carson in the states that carson is trying to solidify his lead but i am 1 easily! sad
make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend important for your mind and will help you be productive next week
please please please make my dreams come true by running for president and winning
go as far as you can see when you get there youll be able to see farther jp morgan
obama met with chinese premier wen yesterday and talked trade the chinese are robbing us blindbe tough!
presidential executive order on promoting agriculture and rural prosperity in americaexecutive order …
i know some of you may think lm tough and harsh but actually im a very compassionate person with a very high iq with strong common sense
governor we are with you and the people of puerto rico stay safe! prstrong
do you believe that hillary clinton now wants obamacare for illegal immigrants? she should spend more time taking care of our great vets!
todays editorial is wrong again i know that china is not in the new tpp trade deal but would come in latter through a back door
re timewarner i am going to be switching many of my buildings to another service—this is ridiculous!
the only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices
being associated with joel is my great honorhe is a fantastic man!
china is an international pariah they are now harassing japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands
is the best republican presidential candidate of all time thank you
crooked hillary clinton discussing the secondamendment at a private event 2a cc
great jobyou are a terrific player!
adam moss editor in chief of is quickly losing his reputation in that has become so boring and so irrelevant
thanks amie
the cast of the new season of apprenticenbc premieres january 4th on nbc
amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense
work hard play hard and live to the hilt think like a billionaire
cant wait for tonights debateactually delayed my trip to europe so i can watch this is going to be a great night
donald trump is his only good song in my opinion except for his donald trump song little mac millers music sucks!
donald trump for president!!! america needs you!
the tax scam washington post does among the most inaccurate stories of all really dishonest reporting
rated torontos 1 hotel has 261 guest rooms and suites furnished in elegant cosmopolitan style
for those who missed my chat with on radio here it is on tv sean is terrific
the first ever allstar celebrity premieres sunday march 3rd!
thoughts on kerry visiting seoul amid missile crisis tell them that they must pay us for protection!
what truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people
our enemy china is illegally buying oil from our enemy iran china loves it!
the u6 unemployment rate is over 149 obamacare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding
our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these is proposing over $90 billion in new regulations
what is your favorite book that you have authored? art of the deal!
rt trump as commander in chief making the hard decisions by ltg ret kellogg a highly decorated vietnam war vet
via “ on politics trump talks iowa”
i told all of the haters and losers long ago that iraq would fall take the oil or get out fast! massive waste of lives and trillions of $s
awarded 5 stars by macleod house and lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece
exclusive interview w/ my wife tomorrow morning @ 8ame on w/ enjoy!
the replacement refs are getting blamed for everything ive seen many bad sports calls over the years
people have been asking to hear my howard stern interview—you can access it on
i agree he is amazing
wow! new national zogby poll just out trump 45 cruz 13 rubio 8 big numbers
thanks kasey!
i am happy to announce that theoriginal apprentice which will offer job opportunities to those in needis coming back
i appeared on david letterman last night and dont forget sunday nightthe first episode of celebrity apprentice will be on nbc at 9 pm
wacky who hardly knows me makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column a neurotic dope!
texas and lt gov you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in tx keep up the great work!
awesome job on letterman! thought it was a great funny interview invite me to doral!!! thanks david!
third quarter gdp was lowered to 2 there wont be any economic recovery until is defeated
it was a great honor to be on on wow the response was amazing!
will be on tomorrow morning at 7 00
did a horrible job for mitt—is a refund in order? sadly stuart is a disaster!
it was very touching to see her! miss her dearly
make america great again! inprimary votetrump
wish more people with large followings would speak up like mr trump always does true not honest!
my int from discussing how politicians have failed us and making america great again!
watch tonight on his show hannity fox news at 9 pm ill be on and well cover the wall stree… cont
via by “trump says us roads are falling apart”
when is the blue monster going to be open for play? november 15
secretary pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at andrews air force base at 2 00 am in the morning i will be there to greet them very exciting!
dow hit a new intraday alltime high! i wonder whether or not the fake news media will so report?
great shots of celebapprentice
thanks justin
many reports that i will be attending the alvarez/khan fight this weekend in vegas totally untrue! unfortunately i have other plans
was a terrible governor of ny one of the worst would’ve been swamped if he ran again!
my interview with where i explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources
i will be on fox and friends at 700 am 30 minutes enjoy!
march 5th is rapidly approaching and the democrats are doing nothing about daca they resist blame complain and obstruct and do nothing start pushing nancy pelosi and the dems to work out a daca fix now!
when will the fake media ask about the dems dealings with russia and why the dnc wouldnt allow the fbi to check their server or investigate?
a complete witch hunt!
lightweight will probably win only because he is a dem in ny but what a loser!
sadly was correct about south africa the level of violence is irrepressible
will be on tonight signing a copy of crippled america for bill!
without passion you dont have energy and without energy you dont have anything!
joe mcquaid of the dying union leader wanted ads lunches donations speeches from me and tweetsvery unethical
please dont let the usga ruin your course in 2017 like they did pinehurst i wont!
shouldn’t george will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on fox that his wife works for scott walker?
donna brazile shreds obama economy acting dnc chair says people are more in despair about how things are
thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! maga
great evening last night in washington michigan the enthusiasm knowledge and love in that room was unreal to the many thousands of people who couldn’t get in i cherish youand will be back!
joe mcquaid is desperately trying to sell the its a loser and my comments havent helped him much
cant wait for cpac because of i look forward to it also
begging you to run for president you must save this country youre the one who can do it true!
hypocrites! new video shows journal news reporters refusing to designate their homes as ‘gun free’
ted cruz does not have the right temperment to be president look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm bad!
thanks colenevery nice! keep up the good work
thank you for coming to louisiana and bringing $$$! first with your incredible speech at rlc and now miss usa! you rock! thanks!
you sir you are my idol wish to one day be a master minded billionaire like you work hard
believe donald trump will always make the best deal for his people
mayor bill vescio of briarcliff manor westchester is doing a terrible job horrible roads high taxes housing down
very excited to see what the future holds for the new trump turnberry any clues? it will be great!
let’s trump the establishment! we are no longer silent we will make america great again!
turbines in us have killed many bald eagles w/o penalities
very wrong dopey!
the donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined hes america
wow i have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing piece massive front page for that!
you’re hired! the ad is airing during the superbowl and you need to get voting! vote for me
business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels stock market at an alltime high that doesnt just happen!
rt trump has had a lot more responsibility to deal with than any of the other gop candidates
well make an announcement i love you and i want to see you do it!
megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow itisntabouther
kern county ca has secured $12b for windfarms they also just secured more eagle deaths and low property values
andrew carnegie was the donald trump of early 1900s he didnt take crap from anybody a great compliment!
here we go again via another bad deal
the debates are going to have a big impact on the election has provedin floridahe delivers under pressure
to show you how dishonest some of the press is they took my funny and cont
i believe can make america great again c2gthr thank you!
interesting and true
vote 2016
teammate is angry and jealoushe is no lance
word is that crying left the gop and doesnt have the right to vote in the republican primary dumb as a rock
good news did the right thing i congratulate him on running a very good race now its onto go get him mitt!
i just find it hilarious how you screwed gaddafi too bad our country cant do the same!
makeamericagreatagain i will be in cedar rapidsia this saturday get your tickets
i will be interviewed by chris wallace at 2 00 pm on turn off the football for 15 minutes make america great again!
a lot of people strongly advised me against doing next week we start filming the record 13th seasonhence go with your gut!
jodi arias jury is having a hard time with the death penaltyjudge just sent them back for further deliberatuon
is your fued with over? no it will never end but she has become totally irrelevant!
whats the next step you accomplish so much is there more? much more stay tuned!
stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd amendment i thought was going to fire that jerk after his romney fiasco?
in getting the endorsement of the 16500 border patrol agents thank you the statement was made that the wall was very necessary!
just finished the wonderful event on the uss iowa veterans for a strong america endorsed me such a great honor thank you!
congratulations to georgina bloomberg on winning the inaugural central park grand prix csi 3
i am in indiana where we just had a great rally fantastic people! staying at a holiday inn express new and clean not bad!
sales are so dismal that w/ its record 2013 losses it is going biweekly should end pain and just fold
thanksim really looking forward to it you have a beautiful course!
s/o to my man salute thanks mike
money may not grow from trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains think like a billionaire
i promised that my policies would allow companies like apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the united states great to see apple follow through as a result of tax cuts huge win for american workers and the usa!
congratulations to boys and girls nation it was my great honor to welcome you to the wh today! full remarks
via trump attorney general behind lawsuit a total lightweight
thanks jerry good luck
my wife will be joining tonight at 8 pm e on enjoy!
re success dont put blinders on and do not limit yourself reach out seek and explore think big at all times
little don’t need your praise just pay me the money you owe
rt for nearly 4 years barack obama has refused to crack down on chinas cheating and american workers have paid the price
saw u on letterman always a treat! trump2016 trump4president
as i said on this am you have to give obama credit—he won!
sissy graydon carter of failing vanity fair magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problemhis vf oscar party is no longer hot
thanksread my books they can help
its great to have u in the game of golf ur courses r all great first class operations in great condition
looking forward to being at the announcement tonight
“donald trump ‘karl rove is a total loser’ so why are people still giving him money?” via
great cast! girls are going to win!
there is no challenge too great no dream outside of our reach! thank you selma north carolina! icymi watch here…
the apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8 00 joan rivers puts on a great show!
the show is a joke in comparison to the original apprentice but it does pay me a lot of money
congrats on adding the beautiful west of ireland to your golf club portfolio you have lifted the country!
wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if i win all of the bad things happening in the us will be rapidly reversed!
father’s day is sunday find the perfect gifttrump signature collection is exclusively available
if you want to test a mans character give him power”—abraham lincoln
it makes me not wanna watch debate because i know they are going to treat trump unfair
winning isnt everything but the will to win is everything vince lombardi
whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family
how do you keep energy high and positive mind when it feels like youre failing in business? never think failure
the contestants review their amazing stay at
monday 11/7/2016scranton pennsylvania at 5 30 pm rapids michigan at 11 pm …
how crazy 75 of all births in us are to illegal immigrants over 300000 babies per year this must stop unaffordable and not right!
where’s the electability? jeb is losing to hrc by 13 points a bush will never beat a clinton wake up
im going to keep tweeting and annoying you until you run for president trump2016 thats ok with me!
thanks jarred
wouldnt it be great to repeal the very unfair and unpopular individual mandate in obamacare and use those savings for further tax cuts
scottwalker thank you for saying what the media hasnt said about walker wisconsin is a hot mess and its his fault
loves you it was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced bill o is great
via by exclusive trump to address south carolina tea party convention
how bad has our leader made us look on syria stay out of syria we dont have the leadership to win wars or even strategize
experience is not what happens to you its what you do with what happens to you aldous huxley
great to hear! “ my wife is at right now and loving her room top notch”
the legendary interviews my family and me tonight at 10 00 on dont miss it!
my ties and shirts are doing very big numbers beyond my wildest thoughts! thanks and the rest of the losers for mentions!
i dont usually shop at but the donald trump collection is amazing! thank you!
the best birthday present would be a rt from the 2016
thanks and good luck!
bill clinton did a great job last nightthe democrats are lucky to have him do you really believe he likes
must read “president obamas amnesty at any price” congress use the power of purse! defund amnesty!
we need a strong leader and fast!
update and policy plans for the first 100 days
100 true
great twitter poll and i wasnt even there thank you! gopdebate
“i have seen all of the russian ads and i can say very definitively that swaying the election was not the main goal”rob goldmanvice president of facebook ads
do this under the law i feel it is visually important as president to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses
the democrats made up and pushed the russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign big advantage in electoral college and lost!
lightweight shakedown artist ag eric schneiderman was exposed in today’s new york post editorial
via by rich schapiro donald trump slams mitt romney jeb bush
“real estate is at the core of almost every business and its certainly at the core of most peoples wealth” – think like a billionaire
foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with to warn that we are viewed as in decline
success tip dont tread water get out there and go for it theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface
we knew he had no case against trump u i have no complaints about the products i bought thanks!
before i or anyone saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report it was leaked out to so serious!
call me old school but i believe in the old warriors credo that to the victor go the spoils in other word… cont
are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? i dont think so great danger to us
you know america whether you like him or not trump was 100 correct on this one
when will we see passport records sealed?
im ready for u to make america great again
very low ratings radio host hugh hewitt asked me about suleiman abu bake albaghdad hassan nasrallah and more typical gotcha questions
we must keep the pressure on administration to make sure chen comes to the us it would be a tragedy to abandon him in china
learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves
rt democrats are obstructing good hopefully great people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our…
what people dont know about is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early cont
tom brady has done a great job tonightamazing new england comeback good game not over yet!
things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out john wooden
north carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people i enjoy my time there when i visit trump national charlotte
great job what we need in the next election!!! 2016
canadas pm was in china last week brokering a deal to sell the oil rejected in keystone unbelievable!
great idea
thanksstay tuned
reporter should resign
the fake news washington post amazon’s “chief lobbyist” has another of many phony headlines “trump defiant as china adds trade penalties” wrong! should read “trump defiant as us adds trade penalties will end barriers and massive ip theft” typically bad reporting!
“donald trump on mark levin karl rove is one of the most overrated people in politics” via
entrepreneurs realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith resolve to be bigger than your problems whos the boss?
via by “ tower unit sets resale record at $399m”
credibility is important to me hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night vpdebate
is going to go far because hes a media circus will come close to winning but shawn can also
im tired of having a president without a spine im so ready to call commanderinchief
europe and the us must immediately stop taking in people from syria this will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! so sad!
weekly address 11 00 am at the maga🇺🇸➡️
via donald trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run
not since watergate have we been going thru a time like thisbenghazi irs wiretapping of
it will be fantastic!
michelle nunn supports amnesty a weak border and obamacare she is an obama liberal send.c.n independent voice vote
they should close down rolling stone magazine after the phony rape charge story university of virginia should sue them for big bucks!
thank you alabama! 32000 supporters tonight get out and vote on tuesday! we will make america great again!
how can invoke richard nixon against when obama just used executive privilege on fast and furious?!
rt day 1 of g7charlevoix in 60 seconds
mr pesident you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy!
the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country we must put americafirst
dannyyoure a total loser!
cant wait to see what team lost so the gloves can come off! celebapprentice
last week’s boardroom was truly epic and the dust hasn’t settled yet celebapprentice
rt watch now the supporters youd never expect
rt the decorations are up! is ready to celebrate! wishing you a merry christmas and joyous holiday season!
thank you arizona beautiful turnout of 15000 in phoenix tonight! full coverage of rally via my facebook at
rt us spy satellites detect north korea moving antiship cruise missiles to patrol boat
after thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars iraq i told you so is imploding really dumb pols put us and kept us thereso sad!
thank you portland maine! makeamericagreatagain
negotiations 101 the best deals you can make are the ones you walk away fromand then get them with better terms
im watching knicks gameid bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got themtoo bad too late!
arnold schwarzenegger isnt voluntarily leaving the apprentice he was fired by his bad pathetic ratings not by me sad end to great show
at 9 00 pm of all places is doing a special report on my daughter ivanka considering it is cnn cant imagine it will be great!
i will be doing at 11 30 on cbs enjoy!
when we need hope is just the person there to give it trump2016 true!
the united states made some of the worst trade deals in world historywhy should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
i hope you are watching the apprenticetonights show is great and brett michaels is back!
rt just back from a dinner in west hollywood shocked the majority of the table was voting for trump but they would never…
in the just released.c.oll i increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm up by 14! cruz dropped 3
thats why we need tough smart leaders like you in the white house instead of this pushover obama!
today it was an honor to have at the speaking for the usa we appreciate all you do!
the rnc which is probably not on my side just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying trump wants you to contribute to the rnc
my new club on the atlantic ocean in ireland will soon be one of the best in the world and noone will be looking into ugly wind turbines!
i will be interviewed by tonight on 7 pm et
rt a administration will bring jobs back! debates2016
good news out of the house with the passing of no sanctuary for criminals act hopefully senate will follow
we had a great news conference at trump tower today a couple of fake news organizations were there but the people truly get whats going on
this election is about americas future vote trump
do you ever take the high road? when im dealing with garbage like sugar no!
it was just announced that won’t be going to mornings on cnn just made a wise decision
a warm welcome to nashville today thanks for sharing your wisdom and opinions with middle tennessee
via by trump’s refreshing lack of a filter
has made a truly great comeback he is number one again! give him credit comebacks are tough to do way to go tiger
sadly firing can be an essential and responsible business decision it isnt pleasant but lopping off a branch can save a tree
wow just injohn beale the top person in government on climate change epa is a total fraud and just admitted it! what can they say now
how is editor graydon carter allowed to run bad food restaurant beatrice inn? fire graydon!
is unattractive both inside and out i fully understand why her former husband left her for a man he made a good decision
icymi this week we hosted a madeinamerica event right here at the if it is made in america it is the best! usa🇺🇸
the lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep
pull out the heavy artillery buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet youmtt have my vote hands down
rt jerusalem embassy act of ‘95 senate vote 935 and i voted for it states embassy should be in jerusalem by 5/31/99 for 1…
remember ill see you in dc at the capitol building on wednesday at 1 00 oclock then dallas on sept14 at 6 00 pm american air center
thats why ill never be pope!
at least u give a honest opinion mr trump and correct!
mr trump you are avoiding the responsibility of running for president since the nineties be patriotic and run watch!
how can crooked hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical islam which horribly oppresses women?
donaldtrump this country needs you to run need to teach people what the american dream is again! ronald reagan reincarnated!
amazing double rainbow above the course a good omen for donaldtrump
when will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly stupid things and begin to focus on lower taxes?
here is a novel idea how about using that 7 billion to take care of our own country perfectly stated!
president obama strongly considering a plan to bring nonus citizens with ebola to the united states for treatment now i know hes nuts!
never been more excited for a potential candidate as i am with donaldtrump he is the only person who can beat hillaryclinton
us should have told libya rebels give us 50 of your oil for our military support
the don 2016!!! i can see it now!
its freezing outside where the hell is global warming??
obamacare is a disaster as ive been saying from the beginning time to repeal and replace! obamacarefail
major mexican cartel boss el diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through fast and furious media??
hes the only one with guts enough to talk about the real issues that count
my interview discussing the make america great again texas filing and the iowa caucus
what do u think about the new news competitor aljazeera america i dont!
so to tell you danny boytrump is winning itas he usually does danny is easy!
trump 2016!
will be doing live tomorrow at 7am et from europe
the federal government has $27t in assets and $175t in total liabilities plus another $47t in intergovernmental debt have a nice day
the failing has totally gone against the social media guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went rogue!
the iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts they laugh at us we cant allow them to develop nuclear weapons
i have read it back to back where i get my motivation from donald trump is a rare gem nice!
if you include people who have left the work force unemployment rate is 15 labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs
many on the team and staff of bernie sanders have been treated badly by the hillary clinton campaign and they like trump on trade a lot!
the greatest influence over our election was the fake news media screaming for crooked hillary clinton next she was a bad candidate!
they were wildin they were creating a nuisanceand they were viciously attacking and robbing people?
america will come alive again if only is voted in presidenttrump2016
keep telling it like it truly is! god bless you and yours!!
my trumptuesday interview discussing the upcoming debates the real state of unemployment and bias media
crooked hillary clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech many of her statements were lies and fabrications!
lets take a closer look at that birth certificate was described in 2003 as being born in kenya
senator of mississippi has done everything necessary to make america great again! get out and vote for roger he has my total support!
i hope and know will win in court very bad what the ag did to him and trump university!
thank you appleton wisconsin! wiprimary trump2016
is a total losersave your money!
this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election would love to see you on the ballot!
i am selffunding my campaign putting up my own money not controlled cruz is spending $millions on ads paid for by his ny bosses
four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices each embodying excellence
my interview from friday where i predicted that in south carolina would change the race
the dunes of are a world treasure threading thru scotland top par 72 7400 yd course
how would you treat the syria situation if president ? id let them all fight with each otherfocus on us!
i am in las vegas at the best hotel by far trump international i will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to win nevada!
thank you for your support on my way now! see you soon trumptrain
i will be on face the nation with john dickerson on cbs this morning enjoy!
donald vs vince mcmahon at wrestlemania 23 epic
great to hear!
we love u trump
great to meet you also
you are doing really great keep it up of which i have no doubt
massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism
today we remember the crew of the space shuttle challenger 31 years later neverforget
on he finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro
the tea party is filled with great americans despite being mistreated by everyone including they will continue to fight on
a budget that puts americafirst must make safety its no 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity
big legislation will be signed by me shortly after many years right to try and big changes to dodd frank
rt ⚡️ “ airforce relief efforts in puertorico and virginislands”
in a clumsy move to get out of his anchor babies dilemma where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it he blamed asians
lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights 2a will not survive a hillary presidency debate bigleaguetruth
congratulations to the 2016 tigers!full ceremony
yeah couldnt believe what just happened
the smart guy i love that slogan! trumps smart guy approach inspired me
watch at 9 00 am then interviewed on at 10 00 am and then at 10 30 am watch face the nation
angelina and sidney had a really strange vibe going! oscars
just received huge applause when i said berghdal should be sent back to afghanistan! speech is sold out with record crowd
internal polling shows that i would swamp in a ny republican primary 77 to 23 but won’t run if party is not unified
todays show was fantastic! was awesome and the real doll w/ eric was priceless
rt donald trump coined the phrase multilevel focusingi love it it is when two ideas intersect and form a new innovation
americans do what we do best we pull together we join hands we lock arms and through the tears and the sadness we stand strong
great making keynote speech at 2014 lincoln day dinner hosted by dan isaacs and ny republican county committee wonderful people!
negotiation tip 1 the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it so true!
we must keep evil out of our country!
via by trump weighs in on saeed obama didn’t even ask thanks bristol!
just saw you on greta hope your not just teasing us about running! go for it youll see!
this morning chris wallace has the best political show on television but thats only because im on it kidding! have fun
rt as predicted trump reaching out to make peace with republican establishment if he becomes inevitable party would be…
with the signature services of trump attaché brings premiere luxury to the white sands of waikiki
this is an incredible movement we are going to take our country back! november8th bigleaguetruth debate
i got much better—no contest—i got melania!
conrad hilton was a great man but barron hilton is a dope wrong on barron!
why is crude oil priced at $86/barrel? opec is ripping us off not worth $30/barrel america needs new leaders
make sure to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc a great show just like the masters 9
thank you to all of the american workers who travelled here today! this event is dedicated to you the hardworking americans who make this nation run you love your country you provide for your family you have pride in your work and you cherish our great american flag! taxcuts
served in army nationalguard for 35 yrs with honor and will serve nhpolitics the same!
again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare congratulations america!
i am proud of the rep house and senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {amp reform} we’re getting close! now how about ending the unfair and highly unpopular indiv mandate in ocare and reducing taxes even further? cut top rate to 35 w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts?
had a meeting with an ex trump employee yesterday who went on for hrs about how good and nice you are to employees so cool
i am ready to stay at any trump hotel!!! luxurytravel
you are always on point with your comments! always real thank you adam
would the us hand a russian over in similar circumstances? with ease and get nothing for it!
hillary wont call out radical islam! she will be soundly defeated
does anybody remember when bill clinton in 2008 worked long and hard for hillary? she lost! now bill is at it again just watch
do you believe that in nh was demanding ads? look at enclosed letter from them just received
will be interviewed on media buzz with howie kurtz on fox sunday at 11 00 am
we need a tax system that is fair and smartone that encourages growth savings and investment timetogettough
don’t let speak badly of you or try to bring you down she is rude crude and not smart she is not in your league
ask china if their rapidly expanding with our money navy or armed forces are going green they would laugh in your face!
over the years ive discovered that for a brand to build the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together
allstar celebrity is down to the five final contestants getting fired now is when it really hurts!
great to see looking well and back on the senate floor he will help us with tax cuts and reform!
join us! caucusfortrump11am waterloo ceder rapids
we could make america great again by spreading obamacare throughout the world while at the same time dropping it from us!
living in denialonly 15 of democrats think that recent economic news is poor
by the way folks is not a smart guy just look at his past—he just pretends he is!
couldnt agree more the course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would boring finish!!!
thank you to matt boyle for analytical and well written piece on sleazebag blogger and irrelevant
our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in california god bless our brave first responders and team we support you!
why gas prices will rise miss canada/miss universe and celebapprentice in todays trumpvlog
via amateur hour with the iran nuclear deal
i just watched the tease on you tube terrelljohnny and kate wont be there for long we will see
continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty
the voters the republican party of virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory the dems love it! be smart and win for a change!
hell of a job
“ yrs ago i won the 1st season of the apprenticethank you 4 a life changing event
rt on purpleheartday💜i thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this great nation! usa🇺🇸 htt…
will in his phony advertising campaign show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate?
hillary says take back mosul? we would have never lost mosul if it wasnt for crookedhillary draintheswamp
rt has done more to combat the addiction crisis than any other president
just bought the kluge estate in charlottesville virginia dont worry only business see washington post article
just left $259 million rebuilding of doral in miami amazing trump national doral will be a masterpiece if i do say so myself!
thanks scott
members from obamas own job council are endorsing not surprising
what a great fragrance success is love the sentiment and it lasts all day thanks donald no thanks
appreciate the congrats for being right on radical islamic terrorism i dont want congrats i want toughness and vigilance we must be smart!
please run for president it would be my dream come true no better person to run usa
whos excited for the hundreds of jobs trump is bringing to dc by restoring the post office into his newest hotel? we are!
was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! romney is a total joke and everyone knows it!
wwii vs now! during the 3 1/2 years of world war ii that started with the japanese bombing of pearl harbor cont
canada charges the us a 270 tariff on dairy products! they didn’t tell you that did they? not fair to our farmers!
fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house we need answers now!
even though every poll time drudge etc has me winning the debate by a lot only puts negative people on biased a total joke!
is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about and demeaning?
i am signing copies of my book crippled america makes a great holiday gift order yours now! … …
i love how easily sees through the bull everysingletime respect celebrityapprentice
merry christmas have an amazing day!
i am not only fighting crooked hillary i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process people get it!
the reason lyin ted cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just dont tolerate liarsa big problem!
i like to invest in what i know which tends to be real estate but i keep an open mind
“donald trump—the disrupter” will air on saturday night and sunday night at 8 pm et anchored by
robin williams was a truly wonderful actor and comedian one of the few people who could make me laugh very tragic
now the world is looking to china for an economic lift has ruined our economic hegemony
ralph norman who is running for congress in scs 5th district will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes and
iowa was fantastic last night amazing crowd and people im now in florida getting ready to go to south carolina big crowd very exciting
thanks is a total jokejust like
received a beautiful letter from joe paternos son jay he really loved and respected his father
i enjoyed the speech so much tonight you were on point 👆 sir! thanks
rt what is trump worth to twitter? one analyst estimates $2 billion
i wish tonights debate would cover more than foreign policy
sen kay hagan voted for amnesty and obamacare she is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with obama vote in november!
any books you suggest for young entrepreneurs? midas touch is excellent and written for entrepreneurs
i still cant believe we didnt t take the oil from iraq
within the heart of beautiful somerset county trump nat’l bedminster is the proud host of the 2022
watch coach mike ditka a great guy and supporter tonight at 8 pm e on wattersworld with
sir your tweets are the best tweets really inspiring i love them thank you!
will u please run for president
a number of months ago i was not expected to win south carolinated cruz was and yet i won in a landslide every group and category win!
it is time to bring competence to washington it is time get results let’s make america great again!
my speech at yesterday’s iowa freedom summit via
donaldtrump you sure do look like a natural behind that podium! i cant wait to put my trump 2016 sign in my front yard!
we mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in nyc all of america is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones
what would you do give a solution vs being so critical?! i would make america great again!
bill gates has nothing on donald trump trump2016
rated as 1 of the top courses in the country trump int’l palm beach has been expanded to 27 holes
join me live now in las vegas nevada! we will make america safe and great again! votetrumpnv nevadacaucus
during my trip to saudi arabia i spoke to the leaders of more than 50 arab and muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies
omg! carson is more low key than jeb!! tried to watch him but fell asleep! noisymajority!
crooked hillary clinton is bought and paid for by wall street lobbyists and special interests she will sell our country down the tubes!
is doing a great job!
thanks tyler
ill be richer than you when i reach your age! dreambig great go for it!
donald trump is ruthless his presidency will make people sweat but there will be real progress
sorry losers and haters but my iq is one of the highest and you all know it! please dont feel so stupid or insecureits not your fault
doral is doing great!
are you going to come to wisconsin in the near future? trump2016 makeamericagreatagain yes
never said when an attack on syria would take place could be very soon or not so soon at all! in any event the united states under my administration has done a great job of ridding the region of isis where is our “thank you america?”
obama lied 100 about libya and the killingsemails are absolute he must release his records on wednesday and stop the lies
looking at compared to every other 2016 candidate give me hope trump2016 we can do this 💪
the west will never be broken our values will prevail our people will thrive and our civilization will triumph!
maybe derek jeter should ask arod about renting his apartment next year very soon arod wont need a place in nyc
god bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today you will never be forgotten!
clinton campaign and harry reid worked with new york times to smear state dept watchdogtime to draintheswamp!
while jeb bush is cutting staff and salaries after having paid ridiculous amounts of money why did he pay so much in the first place?
who the heck is arianna huffington anyway? shouldnt somebody check her green card if that even matters anymore?
im loyal to people whove done good work for me theartofthedeal
there are so many blatant lies coming out of the administration healthcare spying nsa irs brutally killed americans will it ever end?
press conference after cpac speech this morning was excellent lots of very professional reporters
iran’s military budget is up more than 40 since the obama negotiated nuclear deal was reachedjust another indicator that it was all a big lie but not anymore!
i truly think underestimates actual net worth thats true and they do it knowingly who cares!
a mediocre person tells a good person explains a superior person demonstrates
we commend sg and his call for the un to focus more on people and less on bureaucracy usaatunga unga
i am the best builder just look at what ive built hillary cant build republican candidates cant build they dont have a clue!
be sure to check out the new projects giving away money!
republicans senators are working hard to pass the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country the bill is getting better and better this is a once in a generation chance obstructionist dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit!
america needs to be renovated like the wollman rink and youre the man to do it
gov cuomos moreland comm should be looking at ag schneiderman shaking down those under investigation/ in litigation for campaign $$$
plz run for president in 2016 america needs a strong leader! we sure dont have leadership now! thanks
you and your tv show theapprentice are tremendous watch it every week thanks
five questions w/ of leadership is the biggest threat to america
donald trump ‘monkey business’ on jobs via
the owner of california gold just made a jerk fool out of himself just smile and congrat the winner his wife was visibly embarrassed!
very true comment donald im glad we have people like you in this day and age
thanks to donald trump via my pleasure jeffrey!
i heard the show and am now a fan you were so honest and real! thanks
entrepreneurs believe in yourself if you dont no one else will either
make america safe again! nosanctuaryforcriminalsact kateslaw saveamericanlives
its not climate changeits global warmingdont let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didnt work
the rescue icebreaker trying to free the ship of the global warming scientists has turned backthe ice is massive a record ironic!
the afghan security forces who we are training have killed 52 us soldiers time to get out of there!
just killing time!
just landed in new hampshire will be at the venue shortly fitn
james clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated made up phony factstoo bad!
i have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody and it’s not even close hopefully az and ut will be voting for me today!
iran just testfired a ballistic missile capable of reaching israelthey are also working with north koreanot much of an agreement we have!
seems like has a history of bad decision making maybe thats the point turbines
“he who defends everywhere defends nowhere” – sun tzu
the tonight show will be amazing 11 30 pm enjoy!
got to know senator in aspen colorado years ago—a very solid and standup guy
the reported about the closing hotels in atlantic city but knowingly failed to report that i am not involved left years ago
never let them see you sweat!
sought my support after he released terrorist al megrahi who blew up pan am 103 killing all aboard i said “no way!”
excited to hear gop candidates at the freedom summit today in greenville sc! see you soon
this is the most focused trump stump ive heard really drilling down on vets issues here in virginia
my many mexican friends fly to visit mexico because unsafe border
wind power is inefficient and a hazard to the environment
thank you to linda bean of llbean for your great support and courage people will support you even more now buy llbean
i dont know how you do it getting the attention of mass media with ridiculous bullshit you are special
wow now leading in / poll 46 to 45 gone up 12 points in two weeks mostly before the crooked hillary blowup!
congratulations to and on making list of 10 journos you dont want to fight on twitter
and its a glorious fall day in norfolk!! knockem dead donald! thanks!
i wish you were president sir!
why would obama ever nominate someone for sec of defense who opposes sanctions against iran when obama claims to support them?
really bad ratings for lawrence odonnell on msnbcoreilly is killing him!
guess had it right has the best wireless network
dopey nobody is laughing at me!
oil is double the price now compared to last yearopec is laughing at
“leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done” – the art of the deal
the tea party delivered the house for so they could be fiscally responsible instead they have been irresponsible!
i turned down going to the debate tonight so that i could do live tweets to my many followers
republicans and must get tough very soon
ted cruz talks about the constitution but doesnt say that if the dems win the presidency the new justices appointed will destroy us all!
tweet me your new years resolution to make america great again! trumpnewyearsres
class of 2013 wwehof
now they say obese women may cause autism in children nonsense they use any excuse the fda should immediately cont
just found out that is spending a fortune on iowa push polls negative to me not nice but ok! new polls are great
so much interest in my visit to scotland! i greatly look forward to attending the opening event taking place on june 24th
celebrity apprentice tonight! final two? penn and little john thats my guess watch what happens9 pm
dopey never went bankruptabc already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the pastthey didnt want a lawsuit
via by editorial board “new york’s mute schneiderman is feckless and corrupt
wants out of their aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but won’t let them—he’s cont
looking forward to being hosted by erie county lincoln leadership reception tonight record crowd! cant wait
presidential executive order on strengthening the cybersecurity of federal networks and critical infrastructure…
remember i am selffunding my campaign the only one in either party im not controlled by lobbyists or special interestsonly the usa!
im so ready to have mr for president please
snowing in texas and louisiana record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond global warming is an expensive hoax!
iraqs government is treating us like fools we should demand their oil
just watched the very incompetent mitt romney campaign strategist stuart stevens now i know why mitt lost so badly stevens is a clown!
id vote for you for president thank you
irans continued public threats of annihilating are unacceptable irans nuclear drive must be stopped timetogettough
the dying national review has totally given up the fight against barrack obama they have been losing for years i will beat hillary!
imo manti te’o was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the heisman trophy
despite previous tweet dennis rodman would do a better job than the current cont
great stay its the place to be in vegas thanks for the upgrade
glad to hear has hired to cover she will be absolutely terrific! miss usa pageant is proud
the yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the mets my great friend george steinbrenner would be going nuts!
is trying to hit back at me because im saying that he let the repub party down w/ his loss to obama shouldve won—he choked!
while seeks to further destroy our credit our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs such a total failureas a president
great show !!!
congratulations to on her big move to she is a total winner!
for you newcomers george ross was one of my first advisors on the original apprentice celebapprentice
its true dennis is really into thisvery animated i have never seen him this way before
id rather have a businessman in the white house than a politician you’ve got my vote
looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife melania place looks beautiful!
i’m turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributions—feel totally stupid doing so but hope it is appreciated by the voters
happy birthday from your trump towers in west palm keep up the good work! a great place thanks
trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from democrat to republican??
a democratic lawmaker just introduced a bill to repeal the gop tax cuts no chance this is too good to be true for republicansremember the nancy pelosi dems are also weak on crime the border and want to be gentle and kind to ms13 gang membersnot good!
huma calls it a mess the rest of us call it corrupt! wikileaks catches crooked in the act again draintheswamp
i see marco rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his superpac which are total scams marco must address him as sir!
what a beautiful first family you will be!
my interview on last night our leaders are leading us into oblivion
chris wallace “more evidence of dem collusion with russia than gop”
headed to trump international scotland today with 16 excited clients great 1 rated course have fun
great article on socalled climate change formerly known as global warming
the muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the sinai and saying it doesnt violate camp david accord
thanksthey are working on it
chris mcdaniel looks like he will win in mississippi great news and big victory for tea party!
meyers is hard to watch
run donald run! our nation needs you!!!!
ice officers warn hillary immigration plan will unleash gangs cartels and drug violence nationwide…
if the republicans need a chief negotiator i am always availableor can recommend some really good ones!
if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!
live on periscope tax plan press conference trump2016
do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning
can you imagine if i had the small crowds that hillary is drawing today in pennsylvania it would be a major media event!
while in the philippines i was forced to watch which i have not done in months and again realized how bad and fake it is loser!
i cant believe that president obama isnt able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of kate steinlecome on presmake call!
if you became president we would immigrate to the united states of america for sure! nice
were all proud of for being on 30 under 30 list
for president 🇺🇸🇺🇸
crooked hillary wants a radical 500 increase in syrian refugees we can’t allow this time to get smart and protect america!
what a great player you have turned out to be but also what a great guy! congratulations on another fantastic masters win
all class on celebapprentice by good job to! cc
next president of the united states of america trump2016 youve got my vote
if scotland would have gone independent predicated on $100 $150 oil they would now be bust!
we must stand firm against the uns ploy to sabotage israelif the un grants the pa statehood then we must immediately defund it
because of me the republican party has taken in millions of new voters a record if they are not careful they will all leave sad!
just met with courageous family of sarah root in nebraska sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant but leaves behind amazing legacy
hes answered the call! responds to alsicebucketchallenge! smackdownals
thank you for caring so much about the usa!
the hyperlapse app in
trump vows to fight epidemic of human trafficking
the impersonating donald trump radio gold
love that patriots won brady is best ever! seahawks pass was dumbest play in the history of football! great going coach b!
thinks is pingponging all over the place do you agree? celebapprentice
rt finally i want to deliver a message to the longsuffering people of iran the people of america stand with you
instead of biting the hand that feeds you! don’t bother just keep making me money!
that is why i like mr trump he speaks the truth and stands by it
just kicked ass on fox news guy is a winner thank you!
i will be on fox and friends tomorrow morning at 7 will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence of which our leaders have plenty!
look forward to going to indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of carrier they will sell many air conditioners!
amazing! ag schneiderman sues a school w/ a 98 approval rating but doesn’t go after billion $ fraudsters all over wall st
my prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible paris attacks may god be with you all
the chinese want to steal our jobs and technologythat includes so called green energy which they make but cont
everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal
weve got your back mr trump! were not politicians all talk and no action just let us know what you need us to do
i have been waiting all my life for this recap episode feuds fails
via “exclusive trump smacks back against media attacks on cpac speech” by
politicians are all talk and no action lets make america great again mr trump for the sake of america please run
wow the golf course in ireland is designed with great taste and attention to detail! thx
only some!
incredible interview on the show please please run for president!
crooked hillary clinton tops middle east forum’s ‘islamist money list
the scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldnt feel that way with a gun at their head!
entrepreneurs what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard and then establish it simple but not easy focus!
“donald trump unveils vision for via by
was terrific wwehof
at is such a pathetic reporter who doesn’t want to know the truth a total obama flunky and hack
see photo
welcome back
although i dont love geraldo on celebrityapprentice his charity is really needed ampi hope he wins! lifesworc
leaving today for california to inspect my fantastic golf course and club on the palos verdes peninsula big success
is doing a great job on completing our new trump winery in virginia
if the great si newhouse were still running he would fire graydon carter immediately circulation tanking
yes strange that trump is surging in the polls for saying what other gops too stupid to say
i really hope runs for president in 2016 thanks so do many people our country is going to hell!
fight is over mayweather lost big but lets see what judges say!
concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding obamas policies are unsustainable
congratulations to the republicans in congress you are the only people obama can out negotiate timetogettough
entrepreneurs business is a creative endeavor being innovative being open to new ideas keep an open mind!
was right! close the borders! trump2016
a vote for clintonkaine is a vote for tpp nafta high taxes radical regulation and massive influx of refugees
we launched a new series of trump2016 videos via facebook a new topic everyday! watch
thank you las vegas nevada! nevadacaucus votetrumpnv
cruz lies are almost as bad as jebs these politicians will do anything to stay at the trough!
acts childish fighting with via internet wrong he started it and i finished ithes nothing
read donald trumps top ten tips for success
look at the solution not the problemand never give up
after crooked allowed isis to rise she now claims shell defeat them? laughable! heres my plan
do a flyover uss wisconsin! cool idea we will try!
veterans for trump 2016
youre never a loser until you quit trying mike ditka
in india we love donald trump wake up america recognize the sheer class of this man
i loved watching clint eastwood last nighthe was terrific!
via donald trump reveals first image of his new aberdeenshire hotel
making a big speech in alabama today so many people we had to move to a football stadium! come and join us!
crooked hillary is spending tremendous amounts of wall street money on false ads against me she is a very dishonest person!
if it does go up for sale ill buy them out dont do itbad investment!
if billionaire once became usa president hell make america best ever n rule lk beyond expectation! 🇺🇸💪👍
announce youre running when youre comfortable with the timing great
taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech nothing trump said wasnt true
kathy griffin should be ashamed of herself my children especially my 11 year old son barron are having a hard time with this sick!
nobody will laugh at us when youre in charge peaceout that is so true!
thank you readers a great honor!
manufacturers’ recordhigh optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via
looking forward to speaking convention in nashville the 2nd amendment is a right not a privilege!
thanks enjoy
“trump to build second scottish course” via
the msm straw man candidate is falling apart!👊🏽
now has decided there are 5 million palestinian refugees he always goes against interest
trumpvine a message for
who ever heard of a legal conviction statement “more probable than not” against tom brady? sue them tom and make lots of $
love it! is done we need someone who is proven will make america great again
i will be on tonight at 10 pm e talking about my new book crippledamerica and much more! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
all of the clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? no agency tracks this type of theft?out of control
yes it is true carlos slim the great businessman from mexico called me about getting together for a meeting we met he is a great guy!
im thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at macys in business it… cont
we dont have a country if we dont have borders votetrump video
mr trump you could return americas business respectability and viability with the world! easy!
thank you new york i will never forget!
my interview with discussing how i will see my $5m lawsuit against to the end
trump is truth! we want trump! 🚂🇺🇸🎈
china watched obama’s press conference yesterday salivating we will be borrowing trillions more from them
that was a great football game
the numbers are amazing! gogogo🏻
big legal win today us judge sided with the trump administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great border wall on the southern border now this important project can go forward!
i will be on for a interview today please join us 5 pm et
thank you piers
love the sign!!!
while hillary said horrible things about my supporters and while many of her supporters will never vote for me i still respect them all!
may god be with the people of sutherland springs texas the fbi and law enforcement has arrived
if runs for president it will be the first time i actually go out and vote great!
you are the man!!!
should not give any other further information until releases the things that everyone wants to see
george will is a political moron last month he said romney couldnt win
after i will visit in ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the atlantic ocean
everybody should contribute and fight in the long haul battle against autism
happy new year to all including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just dont know what to do love!
celebapprentice selfies yes or no?
cuban could buy and sell trump 2x!! wrong moron the opposite times 4
happy birthday victoria
tomorrow is trumptuesday on 7 30 am tune in!
why didn’t gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by obama? the fact is iraq etc have always been disasters!
when we finish it will be one of worlds great hotels
nine holes @ trump international golf links today in scotland the course is amazing thanks justin play well this week
my god i would pay to see you destroy hillary in a debate please run!
off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout world—too expensive to build and operate—don’t work cont
the fundraiser last night was a tremendous success
if donald trump runs for potus 2016 hed have my vote!
much worse just look at syria red line crimea ukraine and the buildup of russian nukes not good! was this the leaker of fake news ?
new report calls for embracing “comprehensive immigration reform” does the have a death wish?
cool photo but i want to see trump glistening from inside the white house!
i just love very nice
today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the law enforcement heroes who gave their lives in the line of duty they made the ultimate sacrifice so that we could live in safety and peace we stand with our police heroes 100!
sure you do! celebrity apprentice is nothing without trumps influence true and thanks!
thank you great faith ministries international bishop wayne t jackson and detroit!
the unaffordable care act sometimes referred to as obamacare is not working millions of people are losing their plans and doctorsfraud!
enjoy!
obamacare is a major threat to americas entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness small businesses will b… cont
want jobs? slash corporate tax rate tax incentives for companies that create jobs in us america will boom
what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate
fantastic point of view 95 of uk would agree with you there
then he who continues the attack wins” ulysses s grant
this is not a media event or about donald j trump this is about the united states of america i will be cont
to show you how politicians act bobby jindal spent $1000 to register in new hampshire and dropped out the next day such a waste!
the council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in blackdog
remember when glenn gave out gifts to illegal aliens at crossing the border? me too!
earlier today i spoke with of kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at marshall county high school my thoughts and prayers are with bailey holt preston cope their families and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery we are with you!
the unemployment numbers are tragic we are letting the world take our jobs it has to stop!
donaldtrump gives snl its biggest ratings in years
while tries to push gun control he still has not answered for project gun runner
phoenix crowd last night was amazing a packed house i love the great state of arizona not a fan of jeff flake weak on crime and border!
via by “donald trump speaks to veterans residents in coralville”
rt crews worked together with the and members of local police fire and government to distribut…
thanks for your inspiration keeping things real thank you
i love it when trump calls out msm for what they really are! cams starting to show crowds at rallies!
“without passion you don’t have energy without energy you have nothing” akmumpreneur
great interview on i agree we need a leader with heart and guts! trump2016
couldnt agree more! please our country needs a true strong leader! im terrified for this country now!
just bought some beautiful trump cuff links 👍 great!
congrats to for being named best in stay elite award winner for oahu for 2014!
i am happy to have started obamasfavoritecharity really enjoying reading everyones tweets
great story on in about our new sky and wellness suites
iran the number one state of sponsored terror with numerous violations of human rights occurring on an hourly basis has now closed down the internet so that peaceful demonstrators cannot communicate not good!
obama called them gangbanger and criminals
former obama white house economic adviser gave his old boss a c on the economy pretty generous!
no comment you can see every pore in todays tv screens u look mavelous
more and more reporters are using the word trump when referring to winningjust used on bloomberg news gee i wonder why?
is the windy citys sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel 4 star restaurant and spa
representative devin nunes a man of tremendous courage and grit may someday be recognized as a great american hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
will be in cleveland ohio w/ tonight join us floridatomorrow @ 6 pm
opec is setting crude at $94/barrel on signs us economy is improving opec uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch
just rocked trump collection for interview great shirts thanks
if nfl fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our flag and country you will see change take place fast fire or suspend!
i will be interviewed on at 9 00 am and fox news sunday with chris wallace at 10 o0 am cnn iowa poll 13 point lead!
best day ever? id say yes trump2016
obama can open the mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade wwii memorial that’s an absolute disgrace
it is almost time i will be making a major announcement from at 11am follow on social media! makeamericagreatagain
ill be signing copies of my new book tomorrow at trump tower 5th avenue between 56 and 57 from noon to 2 pm
the mayor of baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters space to destroy another real genius!
the united states does not need john kerry’s possibly illegal shadow diplomacy on the very badly negotiated iran deal he was the one that created this mess in the first place!
should be president of the united states
i am in nevada sorry to inform you kellyanne is in the audience better luck next time
congratulations eric and lara very proud and happy for the two of you!
how much money is the extremely unattractive both inside and out arianna huffington paying her poor exhubby for the use of his name?
do you know when the trump tower in vancouver is suppossed to open? 18 months
not surprisingly the great men and women of the fbi are starting to speak out against comey mccabe and all of the political corruption and poor leadership found within the top ranks of the fbi comey was a terrible and corrupt leader who inflicted great pain on the fbi! spygate
despite the long delays by the democrats in finally approving dr tom price the repeal and replacement of obamacare is moving fast!
me too donald trump for president!
great job on you made kooky cokie roberts and look even dumber than they are you will be right!
i played football and baseball sorry but said to be the best bball player in ny stateask coach ted dobiassaid best he ever coached
rt for president! smarter than any man in the usa! true!
john kasich was never asked by me to be vp just arrived in cleveland will be a great two days!
obama and the democrats are laughing at the deal they just madethe republicans got nothing!
twitlonger betaimagine how much money the average american would save if we busted the opec cartel cont
no deal is better than a bad deal america out negotiated again iran
if ran for president he would have my vote!
crooked hillary has been fighting isis or whatever she has been doing for years now she has new ideas it is time for change
rt makeamericagreatagain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
entrepreneurs be a cautious optimist i call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks
when will we have another president like reagan? trump2016
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment ralph waldo emerson
thank you! facebook
even the liberal crs is now reporting obama care will cause 200 premium increases surprised?
it came out that huma abedin knows all about hillary’s private illegal emails huma’s pr husband anthony weiner will tell the world
whats more important? rebuilding our military or bailing out insurance companies? ask the democrats
rt has the talent commitment and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise…
that could happen he is terrific!
i have fun i love what i do you should too find out how at the national achievers conference this october
obama’s attack on the internet is another top down power grab net neutrality is the fairness doctrine will target conservative media
website exposing marco ‘amnesty’ rubio goes live a ‘donor class puppet’? breitbart
interview with david muir of news in 10 minutes enjoy!
cant wait to see the finished product another trump masterpiece as usual !!! thanks dan re doral!
glad to hear derek jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for derek is a true champion
you are an important person thats why cant stop talking about you
any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate develo pm ent sector? know your territory
i think you are the mostpowerfulvoiceinmedia then how come our government makes so many mistakes?
the european union wonderful countries who treat the us very badly on trade are complaining about the tariffs on steel and aluminum if they drop their horrific barriers and tariffs on us products going in we will likewise drop ours big deficit if not we tax cars etc fair!
votetrumpid! trump2016
looking forward to attending the great rev birthday party tonighttheres nobody like him!
now with the dangerweiner campaign dead time to focus on crazy eliot spitzer a man who has never earned 10 cents in his life
trumpvlog free our marine!
donaldtrump the field looks very beatable for hillary donald should get in the race he is a true reagan republican
its called intellectual property rights something they know nothing about
dumbass has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity we just presented him with a demand notice
broken promises a broken billion dollar website obamacare can’t be fixed repeal!
no wrestlemania will ever top 23 donald trump vs vince mcmahon you are right it has the alltime record!
we have got to take our country back its time!
donald trump was the best part of the 2014 oscars
cbo now estimates that over 25m will lose jobs directly because of obamacare repeal now before it is too late
the 91112 attack on the benghazi consulate was a sophisticated multiprong wave attack when will all the 50 fighters face justice?
russia and the world has already started to respect us again!
voter fraud! crooked hillary clinton even got the questions to a debate and nobody says a word can you imagine if i got the questions?
success is not final failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts winston churchill
located in the beautiful countryside of mooresville has a superb clubhouse and top amenities
can you believe we still have not gotten our marine out of mexico he sits in prison while our president plays golf and makes bad decisions!
i never thought id say it in my lifetime but president barack hussein obama aka barry sotoro is a far worse president than jimmy carter!
i have gotten to know many spanish speaking people as the owner of trump national doral in miami they are smart hard working and great
is playing like his old self in the farmers insurance open he will have a great year
such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by spied on before nomination the real story
entrepreneurs problems are a mind exercise enjoy the challenge
that said the rich arab countries should get involved with the syrian mess not uswe should start rebuilding our own country and military
romney ryan slam obama administration on china currency manipulation via
bullshitpop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money split between brothers and sisters and i built it into over 9 bill
clinton commented in ohio today that is right the economy has not been fixed under obamai always said bill was an honest man
read this garbage by and youll see why sales way downlost its waysad!
sounds interesting
watch cnn tomorrow at 2 pm 5 pm and on friday at 7 pm 11 pm for a thanksgiving special hosted by john king ill be a featured guest
no one would have watched the debates if trump had not been in them
well that explains why i have no desire to read that garbage!
hope we all enjoy tomorrow night i do believe they will treat me fairly!
ive always looked up to business and politics! hes the man! thank you!
looks better with her reduced lips good move lisa celebapprentice
make america safe again!
looks awesome mr t thank you
the racial divide in our country is almost at an alltime high and getting worse every time you turn on the television
thanksenjoy your visit
every time trump is gracious enough to do a msm interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions why is that
my first ever opportunity to vote needs to be a vote for u!!! runnnnnn
i was so happy when i heard that one of the most dishonest political outlets is losing a fortune pure scum!
today it was my honor to welcome estonia president lithuania president and latvia president to the congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! balticsummit
if you can’t see it you can’t make it happen entrepreneurs chase your dreams with resolute focus and determination be positive!
out of all the celebrities is the only one that speaks the truth we need more leaders like him!
this is one of the coldest winters ever freezing all over the country for long periods of time! so much for global warming
make america great again! americafirst trump2016
with joanrivers hosting some absolutely! cannot wait!! thanks
its going 2 b good
adversity is a fact of life be bigger than the problems be ready to fight for your rights and all will be well – trump never give up
thanks sandy
thank you for caring for this family and their need god bless you! thank you
i will be on tomorrow morning at 7 00 enjoy!
judge jeanine slams gop establishment
congratulations to on being named the power player of the week
i just stayed at the trump hotel in vegas i love it!!! great!
future president trump! you have the right mind to fix this country after 8 years of nobama i agree!
just spoke w/ governors rick scott of florida kenneth mapp of the us virgin islands and ricardo rosselló of puerto rico we are w/ you all!
join me on saturday in syracuse new york! nyprimary trump2016
in the span of two months the habitual vacationer has called america soft and lazy he loves to criticize america
just leaving virginia really big crowd great enthusiasm!
in charlottesville virginia
in presidential voting so far john kasich is zero for 22 so why would he be a good candidate? hillary would beat him i will beat hillary!
thank you hilton head south carolina! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
would be awesome moderators for next debate rushlimbaugh seanhannity marklevin
one of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is chris cillizza of the washington post moron hates my poll numbers
i suspect could do well tonight dont be fooled by his gaffes he is a seasoned and feisty debater
talking with backstage wwehof
thanks and enjoy!
bad break for a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the watergets a bogey on hole with another great shotchamp!
donaldtrump pls dont run for president if you do and win the rest of the world would be screwed so true except friends!
is sure a master delegator he has sent to china the chinese are laughing at us we must do better
bashing distinguished women journalists wont win you votes she is 3rd rate a total dummy!
man we had a great day today at trump tower lots of money was given to many people who really needed it good feelings and happiness!
if is dating again then she has a death wish a beater is always a beaterjust watch!
keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production of course his policies have nothing to do cont
it was an honor to welcome republican and democratic members of the senate finance committee to the today taxreform
an impromptu interview i did with german tv on 9/11 down by ground zero discussing the attack and wtc towers
wow big lines in kansas
wisest of all reporters 👏 thank you!
mr trump i seriously love you your tweets always keep me entertained because there very real and you speak your mind!
the democrats without a leader have become the party of obstructionthey are only interested in themselves and not in whats best for us
together we will make america great again! americafirst🇺🇸
love playing the links in scotland! gorgeous thank you
cruz is my second/third choice carson is also a good man i look at it as war so my choice is trump
we share a birthday june 14 how about a rt for a huge fan and admirer
putting on the tie is an essential to my morning routine thats great!
in vegas? enjoy thanksgiving in djt lounge where the games will be playing all day
looking forward to honoring the great dogan family and the success of the trump towers project in istanbul annual gala dinner
rt i want to work with congress republicans and democrats on a plan that is progrowth projobs proworker and proamer…
the donald preaches on golfs economic impact in us lets tell this story! pga14annual
ive been reading books and about lately i need some trump books to read! the art of the deal
isnt it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else me still must fight
it was a great show!
wake up america! see article israeli science obama birth certificate is a fake
37years finished building of 68story skyscraper trump tower in new york more facts in app
well i would make america great again
up nice and early cuz money never sleeps!!!! thats great go get em!
worked @ restaurant for 33 yrs and got fired because they didnt think i could keep up no severance! would u do that? no way!
it was an honor to meet with republic of rwanda president paul kagame this morning in davos switzerland many great discussions! wef18
my int on “donald trump presidential politics and the factor”
i have to admit motivates the hell out of me smallbiz leader thats great go get em!
crookedhillary is not fit to be our next president! trumppence16
radio show is a great addition to talk radio she is sharp talented and great sense of humor congratulations
dying just named me to a list too bad gq is no longer relevant—won’t be around long!
it was a true honor to be at yokota air base with our great
if you run for president in 2016 you have my vote! 2016 thanks
heading to a packed house in waterloo iowa! will celebrate todays great poll numbers together see you soon!
love him or hate him you have to admire his genius and candor keepingitreal thank you
my appearance on the view and
based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular individual mandate has been terminated as part of our tax cut bill which essentially repeals over time obamacare the democrats and republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new healthcare plan!
the club for growth is a very dishonest group they represent conservative values terribly and are bad for america
best way to pay hillary back for what she did to dncleak is a donaldtrump landslide
and couldnt carry s gym bags trump2016
donald trump is the hope of america!
who was it that secretly said to russian president tell vladimir that after the election ill have more flexibility?
rt president trump alone has succeeded in bringing the stock market small business index and consumer comfor…
entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money they work to create or acquire assets focus on assets
obamas def sec just said us asia focus not aimed to contain china china is hoping that obama is reelected
there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime collusion or otherwise or obstruction of justice!” so stated by harvard law professor alan dershowitz
never met but never liked dopey robert gates look at the mess the us is in always speaks badly of his many bosses including obama
it’s about time for all americans republicans and democrats to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
im going to listen to long before i listen to georgelopez makeamericagreatagain
stupid opinion! trump is winning! why will he leave? dummy!
for all of the haters and losers out there sorry i never went bankrupt but i did build a world class company and employ many people!
anyone that knows you knows it has nothing to do with you dont worry about defending yourself you rock!
little marco rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of sex offenses disgrace!
celebapprentice the best show on tv all my mba classmates are loving it to bestshow in north america
very nice article from daily mail
after a great evening and packed auditorium in iowa i am now in colorado looking forward to what i am sure will be a very unfair debate!
the immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesnt have a clue we need new leadership fast!
valentines day and wifes 40th this weekend!! great
wapo attack on alleged high school incidents by is a hit job to me where are high school and college records?
i will be tweeting live tonight during celebrity apprentice 9 oclock on nbc!
im not a hunter and dont approve of killing animals i strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters but cont
unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill their expert opinions should at least be listened to
i enjoy seeing on president trump has a lovely ring to it i think teamtrump
whether plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue the issue is strategic timing why release it now?
the hatred that clown has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say trump easily won debate
i am hispanic and will vote for
my parents trust in god and be true to yourself mary macleod trumpknow everything you can about what youre doing fred c trump
heading to birmingham alabama and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon will be wild
and youre okay with the government spying on you? must have power to stop terrorists etc
“remember that some things are worth waiting for plans can change sometimes for good reason” – trump never give up
it was a great honor to have president xi jinping and madame peng liyuan of china as our guests in the united states tremendous
speaking at the city club of chicago sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list!…
my interview with in her special most fascinating people of 2011
and yet another all of them are spectacular
was going to watch for the primary results but saw looks like cnn tonight
success tip see yourself as victorious this will focus you in the right direction apply your skills and talentand be tenacious
made a mistake but will recover
snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and usprestige china is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
another great appearance by on hope to catch a replay on the drive home
she’s baaack! needs me to salvage her dying career but it won’t help she’s got no talent and no persona too many tv cancellations!
so many tweets and stories on stewart/pattinson look it doesnt matter the relationship will never be the same it is permanently broken
why are you giving away money this am ? because so many people need help!
admitted treasury secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address americas cont
the house of representatives seeks contempt citations? against the justicedepartment and the fbi for withholding key documents and an fbi witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of donald trump big stuff deep state give this information now!
trumpvlog dismal record in todays video blog
rt donald trump meanspirited gop wont win elections via
my interview discussing obamacare the romneytrump fundraiser and my plans for jones beach
donald trumps guns by
re negotiation think about what the other side wants know where theyre coming from view any conflict as an opportunity be flexible
they are laughing
agree about rosie sad because she is very talented actually she has got no talent at allzero!
get ready this should be informative and fun! vpdebate
did crooked hillary help disgusting check out sex tape and past alicia m become a us citizen so she could use her in the debate?
last saturday arod was 03 and left 6 stranded but he was still hitting on girls from the dugout he is very selfish!
michelle nunn will be a solid vote for obama she supports obamacare and opposes 2nd amendment vote for to change things!
see you later
then make our wishes come true and run for president!!!
it’s sad that the wh is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours doesn’t have to be wh should take my offer
many people agree!
our athletes in the olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world makes us proud to be americans
paul ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting republican nominee
entrepreneurs see yourself as victorious look at the solution not the problem
waste! the cbo now estimates that stimulus cost $831b and a ridicuous $41m per job created
it will be fantasticbe sure to visit
interesting to watch senator richard blumenthal of connecticut talking about hoax russian collusion when he was a phony vietnam con artist!
weiner says many more pictures may be out there—this is just what nyc needs a pervert mayor
our soldiers cant even have any more joint exercises with afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the cont
we know this and thats why you will be our next president thank you
i hereby demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it
temperature at record lows in many parts of the country 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area global warming folks iced in!
donald why is tonights episode only an hour? dissapointment as per plan but nbc increased future to 2hrs
rt is the paycheck president learn how the tax bill will put more money in your pocket and how to contact…
congratulations to on the release of her great new book handsoffmygun! check out excerpt
“president donald j trump delivers remarks at the shamrock☘️bowl presentation by prime minister varadkar in the east room of the white house” 🇺🇸🇮🇪
hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is great idea!
the brand is based on success and being a winner just what the need!
i am really beginning to respect mark halperin and john heilemann as political reporters they truly get why trump poll numbers are high
looking forward to his thoughts
i have been briefed on the us c130 “hercules” cargo plane from the puerto rico national guard that crashed near savannah hilton head international airport please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims their families and the great men and women of the national guard
hope you enjoyed the premiere of allstar celebrity make sure watches!
if the trump hotel honoluld.c.ny reflection how you would be as president then i think the us will be in good hands thank you!
jobs jobs jobs! maga
you add fun and excitement to all your endeavours which is why they are so successful interesting!
accounting firm ernst and young and the celebrity judges are insulted by miss pennsylvanias made up pr
i’ve made a mistake putting my 9yo up at the trump hotel central park she doesn’t want to go home now
but when youre in a beauty contest ran by all the contestants are republican bad grammar run
has done nothing to help
“its a tough game and you never want to take that aspect out of the game” – stanley cup champion mark messier
how much money are the lawyers for the central park five getting out of the 40 million dollars or are they paid by the city or both?
the strongest leader in this world and beyond is the man who is a forward thinker! mrtrump for president in 2016!
lets not get too excited about mondays us supreme court oral argument on obamacare before the decision no cont
dummy made up a story about a visit to maralago last night on leno it never happened—i don’t talk that way
stop the ebola patients from entering the us treat them at the highest level over there the united states has enough problems!
do you ever notice that lightweight constantly goes after me but when i hit back it is totally sexist she is highly overrated!
does bush’s library have a wing featuring supreme court justice jon robert’s obamacare ruling? roberts was his prize appointee!
just arrived at trump national doral saying hello to all the great players this place is amazingcome thursday and see for yourselves!
trump national golf club los angeles is situated on the palos verdes peninsula overlooking the pacific ocean
read this djt fullp ad from 1989 and tell me donaldtrump is a johnnycomelately fake conservative
is the mannever heard such wise words handsoffsyria smart!
small business poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history all business is just at the beginning of something really special!
senate passed the va accountability act the house should get this bill to my desk asap! we can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets
explain why bho rescues a deserter and leaves a real soldier rotting in a mexican jail?
broadcoms move to america$20 billion of annual rev into usa $3 billion/yr in research/engineering and $6 billion/yr in manufacturing
hillarys been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done it will never change
“45 year low in illegal immigration this year”
nationaldayofprayer
can you believe that with all of the made up unsourced stories i get from the fake news media together with the $10000000 russian witch hunt there is no collusion i now have my best poll numbers in a year much of the media may be corrupt but the people truly get it!
trump support surges even higher after mccain statement why? trump is a fighter gop
“how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume” – think like a billionaire
i keep getting great feedback on new trump cologne success exclusively available at and best shirts and ties
why arent people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened that is before she found out the episode was on tape?
turnberry thanks donald trump for giving us a reason to show it
met a big fan today!
law enforcement and military did a spectacular job in hamburg everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists g20summit
mayweather is getting absolutely killed!
another must read from jeffrey lord “rove email leaks ideological war opens in gop”
the cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters in violation they are now under investigation bad!
can i run your hotels while you run the country ? sounds good to me!
do you believe this iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners not 4 for 19 prisoners held by the us should have been let go with last deal!
on my way to san diego to raise money for the republican party i am spending a lot myself and also helping others
thank you for your support together we will make america safe and great again! potusabroad usa🇺🇸
i stayed up to 4 am last night reading a book !! great!
this country needs you!!
remember the harder you work the luckier you get!
this is where needs to be the president
run for office you are the only one that can fix this big mess perhaps true!
so so so important make america great again!
its not whether you get knocked down its whether you get up vince lombardi
the fake news media hates when i use what has turned out to be my very powerful social media over 100 million people! i can go around them
brandi for the win!!
sheriff joe arpaio az endorses donald j trump for president of the united states az ut
i will soon be releasing my response to the fact that president obama refused to show his applications and records to the public
thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of ivankas little boy so nice!
there was no collusion it is a hoax and there is no obstruction of justice that is a setup and trap what there is is negotiations going on with north korea over nuclear war negotiations going on with china over trade deficits negotiations on nafta and much more witch hunt!
im thinking a businessman like trump is the only one who can fix this mess! true!
will trumpamania run wild again in atlantic city? donaldtrump wrestlemania4 wrestlemania5
the us recorded its slowest economic growth in five years 2016 gdp up only 16 trade deficits hurt the economy very badly
congress get ready to do your job daca!
trump destroyed hillary and sanders moved in but he didnt destroy her trump did so true!
thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in bethpage new york keep up the great work!
amazing how fast all of joe paternos friends abandoned him they ran for the hills
our country will soon be relegated to third world status if proper decisions are not made by our president he was never qualified for job!
just leaving florida big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the fake news media refuses to mention very dishonest!
trump is addicting im sure you are also!
this is my 500th day in office and we have accomplished a lot many believe more than any president in his first 500 days massive tax and regulation cuts military and vets lower crime and illegal immigration stronger borders judgeships best economy and jobs ever and much more
waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so i can vote for you and rally others to do the same
wow! fantastic! who knew americans were so smart? great to know were so smart
first time i have ever agreed with you you must be kidding!
ill be interviewed by greta van susteren tonight at 10 pm et on fox
the original apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on thursday september 16th looking forward to a fantastic season!
money to bill the hillary russian reset praise of russia by hillary or podesta russian company trump russia story is a hoax maga!
venezuelan leader hugo chavez said in a television interview that aired on sunday if i were american id vote for obama
my favorite part of school is watching the first season of the apprentice in business tech great!
china just put a tariff on us cars and trucks22china is laughing at our inept leaders
my son joey survived leukemia he is is now 13 thank you makeawish and nccf for everything they did
just for your info tax returns have 0 to do w/ someone’s net worth i have already filed my financial statements w/ fec they are great!
via donald trump speaks in novi drawing largest crowd in oakland county republican partys history
via “the obamacare awakening americans are losing their coverage by political design”
you know he has great vision the very best many people have told him so thousands of people!
good ideai wish him luck
bret had a target on his back from the get go
via by “us taps donald trump to convert dcs old post office into luxury hotel”
have you heard? china just told obama to jump obama asked how high
he is transforming america
great working luncheon with us and japanese delegations this afternoon!
why does continue to defend radical islam? he is calling the ft hood massacre workplace violence
excellent preliminary meeting in oval with working on solutions for security and our great military together with mcconnell and making progress four week extension would be best!
little michael bloomberg who never had the guts to run for president knows nothing about me his last term as mayor was a disaster!
my interview where i discuss being canceled yet again and how she just cant make it on tv
entrepreneurs keep the big picture in mind there are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them
watched you letterman good job! your hired! thanks!
thank you for putting my scotland course on your cover and a top 100 course in the world
get this lunatic out of office run for president!
real is doing great fake news cnn is dead!
thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit prime minister and
via by donald trump’s resume backs his run for president
now chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue us soldiers china loves to cheat!
congrats for winning fine hotels and resorts hotel partner of the year for 2014 award!
the 2012 contestants standing outside of trump tower in new york city 2012 tomorrow at 9 pm et nbc
work is expected to begin today on my golf course in scotland it will be spectacular!
“donald trump to crown as miss universe venue” via
today it was my tremendous honor to visit marine helicopter squadron one hmx1 at the marine corps air facility in quantico virginia i am honored to serve as your commanderinchief on behalf of an entire nation thank you for your sacrifice and service we love you!
we need you to push the issues that this country is facing no one else will lay it on the line like you will! trumpcarson
thanks for the nice statement especially about my wife and kids very much appreciated
greta—you’re wrong kirsten powers is a dummy—wasn’t she anthony weiner’s girlfriend?
maybe they dont want to
should i do the gopdebate?
former president jimmy carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst president in the history of the united states!
i spent my honeymoon in 2010 at the trump intl las vegas amazing place youve created thanks!
is this phony witch hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the midterm elections which is what the democrats always intended? republicans better get tough and smart before it is too late!
unlike the other republican candidates i will be in nevada all day and night i wont be fleeing in and out i love and invest in nevada!
playing international links tomoro cant wait! supposed to be amazing! beentoldtotakealotofballs enjoy!
a brilliant weekend at turnberry polite friendly staff delicious food and beautiful setting
via by “trump youre hired”
time to clean up washington vote for president in 2016!
the democrats have become nothing but obstructionists they have no policies or ideas all they do is delay and complainthey own obamacare!
truly weird senator rand paul of kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain he was terrible at debate!
yeah donald cant wait to see apprentice been too long
business is easy dealing with people is hard if you are an entrepreneur your most important job is to choose who works with you
washington will continue to run record deficits into the election we are borrowing at a rate of $140 from china truly unsustainable
gas prices are up 30 cents this month rising 21 days in a row dont worry has a solutionalgae!
are you running for president? you should thank you
rt white house calls out senate democrats for obstructing nominees
not at all! the hassle you are getting/have had is truly disgraceful thanks but it is working out great!
a country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail another broken promise by our leaders in washington
the philadelphia eagles football team was invited to the white house unfortunately only a small number of players decided to come and we canceled the event staying in the locker room for the playing of our national anthem is as disrespectful to our country as kneeling sorry!
there are 2 people with whom you dont want to be on their bad side gods and i want to be on gods side!
we finally have a voice with votetrump coalitionfortrump citizensfortrump
joe thanks for not running!
read about my victory against sleazebag more people should fight when they’re right!
“the only way to do great work is to love what you do if you haven’t found it yet keep looking don’t settle” – steve jobs
rt trump led a historic journey to the white house 50 days in that historic journey continues take a look 👉 ht…
currently stirs the pot lmao celebapprentice
once the tragic mistake of going into iraq was made we should have at least taken the oil or at least some of it now iran and china get it
you were great and are greatkeep on plugging away thank you!
greatgood luck
i met some really great air force generals and navy admirals today talking about airplane capability and pricing very impressive people!
hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the wh east room while our country burns
what controversy? 2 active supporters at bain have confirmed that left in 99 no story here
via by annmarie parry plans revealed for course named after trump’s mother
iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs time to walk and double the sanctions stop payments!
congratulations to you all!
is a big contributor to anybody against planned parenthood should boycott racial profiling macy’s
my first order as president was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal it is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before
your doing great! thanks
played doral white on sunday what a gorgeous course youre doing great things there golf resort thanks
you would be the best president youre political critiques are always on the money you are way better than hillary!
you are so annoying thank you now get a job!
arod hit ball hard first at bat time for him to step up and leave
thank you to all of the incredible heroes in texas america is with you! texasstrong
pervert alertserial sexter is polling to test the waters for nyc political run
just landing in knoxville tennessee! massive crowd expected! will all have a great time despite serious subject matter
by the way if russia was working so hard on the 2016 election it all took place during the obama admin why didnt they stop them?
will the benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? if so will obama apologize to him?
i will be interviewed on and good morning america at 7 00 am
tonight celebrity apprentice 8/7c ep 2 and 3! 2 hours of back to back competition
re miss universe pageant we’ve spoken w/the lgbt community in russia who asked “please don’t leave it would send the wrong signal”
we spent over a billion on libya and lead the waywhy is europe getting the oil?
i am leaving china for apec2017 in vietnam melania is staying behind to see the zoo and of course the great wall of china before going to alaska to greet our amazing troops
if you do not run for president i am not voting people need to stop playing games and get real
dopey people are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets
the interview was compelling! i am convinced you are the right person for the job! i am behind you all the way!
cpac ticket sales spike dramatically after inviting are you surprised!
must read article by “jeb bush and the outsiders”
so happy about my daughter announcement that she will be having a baby this spring congratulations!
what a great hotel!! i have stayed there twice love it more and more every time
toast dems had better get theb team off the bench for attorney general under president trump
donald our prince! daniel 12 1 don would rather someone else stand up for our people but they will not so he will
mrtrump has the midas touch! thank you very nice!
our country is looking very bad right now!
only the obama wh can get away with attacking bob woodward
wish donald trump didnt stop running for president so do i!
the us governments foreign debt is at a record $529t china is laughing all the way to the bank
then why do you follow me dummy!
go confidently in the direction of your dreams live the life you have imagined henry david thoreau
no his ignorance!
you are right
says whatever he wants and doesnt care i love it hes a legend
given a raw deal in storynot fair
looking forward to speaking at 1 30 pm tomorrow in nashua at lets make america great again! fitn
for last minute shopping my new book timetogettough is a great choice
to the great people of west virginia we have together a really great chance to keep making a big difference problem is don blankenship currently running for senate can’t win the general election in your stateno way! remember alabama vote rep jenkins or ag morrisey!
congrats on all your success! you are a great role model! thanks!
we pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the aboard the ussjohnsmccain and their families
almost only counts in horseshoes he had to know statue of limitations was in play yet he wasted tax payer $s anyway?fool ag
ratings were great! a big win and a wonderful night!
the democrats should be ashamed this is a disgrace! draintheswamp
i will be live tweeting during the celebrity apprentice at 9 pm also will be hosting dateline just prior to apprentice at 8 pm
please please think about running in 2016
question if all of the russian meddling took place during the obama administration right up to january 20th why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? why didn’t obama do something about the meddling? why aren’t dem crimes under investigation? ask jeff session!
was so nervous talking about me on the show—i’ve never seen him like that!
i look forward to your wise words every day nice to learn from one of the best you are very smart!
i am going to iowa today sold out crowds people dont want our country rippedoff anymore must stop now!
thanks david
governor and i will be in cleveland ohio tomorrow night at 7 pm join us! magatickets …
thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great marines killed today
total misnomer to call obamacare ‘the affordable care act’ affordable for whom besides big businesses and congress w/their exemptions?
congratulations to our new cia director gina haspel!
must read article “immigration reform could be bonanza for democrats” are the and suicidal?
happy new year sir cant wait for celebrityapprentice
reality tv’s 1 bad girl is back on the upcoming 13th season of all star she is great as always
jeb’s policies in florida helped lead to its almost total collapse right after he left he went to work for lehman brothers—wow!
happy to announce we are awarding $1m to las vegas in order to help local law enforcement working ot to respond to last sunday’s tragedy
democratic operative caught on camera hillary personally ordered donald duck troll campaign that broke the law
entrepreneurs look at the solution not the problem learn to focus on what will give results
is right to expect yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs working at home she is doing a great job!
an architectural landmark offers sweeping panoramic views of fifth avenue
historic rainfall in houston and all over texas floods are unprecedented and more rain coming spirit of the people is incrediblethanks!
obama will let ebola fly into us and drugrunners cross our border daily but he wont pressure mexico on sgt tahmooressi freeourmarine
good interview mr trump you set the facts straight thank you
“trump never give up on farmland value rally”
not to mention your wife will show this planet what a first lady is! class style so true!
if its good enough for the donald it should be ok for me directly on pacific
i want my vote to be for someone with values that can turn this nation around trump16
i will be doing fox and friends at 700 will be discussing the the donald sterling clippers mess!
dear sir so can i ask hpw can i fuel my passion only by doing something that you love!
is right we need to create more taxpayers not more taxes cut cap and balance
should run for president
thank you for a great evening laconia new hampshire will be back soon! americafirst
limited opportunity to get your official trump gear! shop now!
my interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary our $17t national debt and 2016 election
you can watch 360 video live from the podium! rncincle trumpiswithyou makeamericagreatagain
is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads he doesnt have a clue!
you have to learn the rules of the game and then you have to play better than anyone elsealbert einstein
my interview discussing the 57th st crane damage from the storm and extending my $5m offer to obama
when is your vancouver bc hotel going to be finished? 18 months
i would love to see on any shot of that??? thanks but the apprentice starts on jan 4
dont keep us in suspense r u running for pres? you will know very soon thanks!
incompetence should not be rewarded you gotta love dt he does call a spade a spade honesty
more of my trumptuesday interview discussing how the us gets killed negotiating with other countries
the clintons are the real predators
rt i can skate here only b/c fixed this rink after nyc gov’t spent $13m but failed! good for trump! https /…
but i love insulting people who dont have the goods but think they do!
if obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect hillary we would all be much better off!
isn’t it great that obama had time yesterday to fundraise with jay z and do while there is a record 21 real unemployment!
if obama goes after mitts private sector experience in the next debate then mitt should ask for obamas college recordsall of them
after being ripped off for years obama finally figured out that china is taking advantage of us hes finally listening to me
china attempted to sell embargoed computers to iran china loves these deals!
howard stern will do a great job on hes very smart and really gets what talent is
governor jerry brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 national guard troops” to do nothing the crime rate in california is high enough and the federal government will not be paying for governor brown’s charade we need border security and action not words!
my interview on snowden the traitor national security and china hacking us
i would have had millions of votes more in the primaries than crooked hillary if i only had one opponent instead of sixteen broke record
thanks but i receive from uk also
why doesnt the failing write the real story on the clintons and women? the media is totally dishonest!
your not fired ! your hired! trumpforpresident
is the bigot and only speaking the truth about illegal immigrants
marco rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration and in favor of easy amnesty a lightweight choker bad for usa!
after years of comey with the phony and dishonest clinton investigation and more running the fbi its reputation is in tatters worst in history! but fear not we will bring it back to greatness
reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and trumpenomics will create 16 million more
just heard youre bidding on as a buffalo native thank you my honor
entrepreneurs remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time youre expanding your net worth
john kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image not negative ads on me
tweets the best quotes perfect motivation for an aspiring entrepreneur thank you
if the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didnt put false meaning into the words i say i would be beating hillary by 20
you will get my vote thanks!
rt arizona we made it easy to find your polling location for todays primary! simply visit 🇺🇸 https /…
in my first presidential election that i can vote in i would vote for run2016 great!
experience taught me a few things sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make donald trump
give your goals substance make them count on as many levels as you can remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement
im in charlottesville where is your winery? right nearby just ask directions
you have already made plenty because of me how about a 50/50 cutjust joking see you soon!
have a great day
gary sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundation—check it out
west virginia votetrump today! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
thank you hershey pennsylvania get out and vote on november 8th and we will maga! rallyforriley icymi watch here…
attended last nights gamederek jeter is both a great player and a great guy
a note from the fabulous mark burnett “donald congratulations again we are 1 in the 10 00 pm hour i am tweeting about it”
be sure to buy this month’s magazine read “a trump card” my interview with jeffrey lord
incredible level of customer service best guest experience ever levels thanks
how long do you think the united states will take to recover from our current administration? a long time unless i become pres
with the number of tweets sad sack has done she has totally lost control of herself hopefully not a breakdown
hillary clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter i have ever seen in fact it wasnt even see through glass it was black
nick adams retaking america best things of this presidency arent reported about convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever
via by bill van smith reminisces amid honor at
logic will get you from a to b imagination will take you everywhere albert einstein”
i liked but the more u tweet the more i love you man trumpsbills billsmafia
nice story from
i wear suits from the donald j trump signature collection
great new poll florida thank you! makeamericagreatagain
tonight i will be signing copies of timetogettough in westbury at costco 1250 old country rd from 6 pm to 8 pm
i cant believe that the judge in the oscar pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder no one has been more guilty since oj!
who knew al qaeda had such good negotiators impressive 5 for 1 against the mighty usa
for president! if anyone can turn this country around its you donald! true
now china is publicly supporting the ows protests its time for the protesters to go home
thank you michael harrison for your kind words greatly appreciated!
great picture say hello!
we need a real president!
in august 2012 obama said the so called arab spring sprung from joyful longing for human freedom good call!
i wonder if marshawn lynch will now speak and call some coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard?
what???? no gary busey?? love the show! im sure itll be great!!
the penalty of success is to now be bored by people who used to snub you viscountess astor 18791964
1 be passionate if you love what youre doing success will follow with passion discouragement cant take hold
i loved walter cronkite one of the all time greats he couldnt stand dan ratheri agree with walter
i was in your hotel in chicago today one of the most amazing buildings ive ever seen! thanks
loved you on the letterman show i have a whole new respect for you! continued success thanks!
ill bet lance armstrong wishes he didnt do the interview with oprah hes saying to himself what was i thinking?
my sons high school graduation present guess where he wanted to go! trump national of course! great!
demdebate q who are you voting for in 2016 a trump! donald trump! donald trump! trump2016
great going this weekend you are a true champion!
heading to south carolina now meeting with fantastic people!
you are right he is a total joke his players laugh at him!
trump in office restores us swagger
people have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
hillary clintons short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society she should be ashamed of herself!
was robbed in his title fight on saturday night no wonder boxing is dying bring back the 15 round fights
the movie may be garbage but we can’t let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch
join me in cincinnati ohio tomorrow evening at 7 00 pm i am grateful for all of your support thank you!tickets …
the united states better address chinas exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! china is laughing at us
my thoughts condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the new york city terrorist attack god and your country are with you!
i would be totally surprised if the us even has any money to spend on syria!! we dont!
i never went bankrupt
a reader just sent me the following i wanted to share with you something rather startling on page 103 of cont
sir your tweets are truly motivational! thanks a lot thank you
if i had a dollar for every time a politician lied id be as rich as im happy as hell hes running! trump2016
the senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes even parts of full repeal need 60 8 dems control senate crazy!
my appearances on and
“always be prepared to start” joe montana
rt looking forward to being on tomorrow around 7 45 am on hope you watch
you are quite literally the worst human being ever thank you!
dishonest reporter jonathan martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward…
my son donald will be interviewed by tonight at 10 00 pm he is a great person who loves our country!
he should get out of the race so republicans can focus on
mr trump thank you for getting the american people excited about politics again!!!
rt encouraged by taxplan says smallbiz would benefit from lower tax rate
after a furious year of missile launches and nuclear testing a historic meeting between north and south korea is now taking place good things are happening but only time will tell!
report this~ cdcwhistleblower
sugar is so untalented! true but he makes me money!
guess barry diller is afraid is about to upset the crony applecart trump2016 an angry fool!
get that exploratory committee to get some bumper stickers out to me! so nice thank you
my 12yr old nephew is your biggest fan! has success cologne watches apprentice wants to be like usay hi!
were not talking about religion were talking about security gopdebate
one of the best speeches i have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!! thank you
you have little persona but the apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!
our incredible us coast guard saved more than 15000 lives last week with harvey irma could be even tougher we love our coast guard!
please don’t pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to “diet” it is a total scam
to stop drugs they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do” my standard is very simple america first and make america great again!
scotland is beautiful i spent several years looking for the right place visiting over 200 sites and this is absolutely the right place!
well im at 42 and your at 3 you know jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage classic
they dont have the incentive to move forward literally hit the nail on the head about welfare amen
rt thank you president trump!!
my friend during the trip hope you liked it!
today is armed forces day thank you to our military service members! i love you all!
alan dershowitz harvard law professor “it all proves that we never needed a special counselall of this could have been done by the justice dept don’t need a multimillion dollar group of people with a target on someone’s back not the way justice should operate” so true!
we dont have the leadership including the generals who just said the element of surprise does not matter to attack anyone! cool it
watching a program about private 757 definitely the ferrari of the skybeautiful thank you
gave honor and praise to the deserter bergdahl but refuses the murdered foot hood victims military benefits shameful
too bad did not allow her interview with to go on another few minutes…would have been interesting…
obama is angry frustrated and desperate he said “voting is the best revenge” he is divisive
americas men and women in uniform is the story of freedom overcoming oppression the strong protecting the weak and g…
things are really getting ridiculous the failing and crooked but not as crooked as hillary clinton has done a long and boring story indicating that the world’s most expensive witch hunt has found nothing on russia and me so now they are looking at the rest of the world!
trump will win the debate like he has won all the others! he is heads above the rest! votetrump thanks!
i loved the day paul goldberger got fired or left as nytimes architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance kamin next!
got my first paycheck today watch out im right on youre heels great going work hard!
we need to run for president in 2016!
rt the doj is opening a civil rights investigation on the car attack in charlottesville
check out this photo shoot video of spring 2012 collection
i want to thank for all of his help in our historic arizona win could not have done it without you joe!
all candidates liars trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what trump is saying
we are going to have a wild time in alabama tonight! finally the silent majority is back!
sneak peek of trumps trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed ailsa course/
i would have done even better in the election if that is possible if the winner was based on popular vote but would campaign differently
the joke around town is that i freed el chapo from the mexican prison because the timing was so good w/ my statements on border security
it always seems impossible until it is done nelson mandela
a 60 increase in texas blue cross/blue shield through obamacare i told you so there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!
we love u too mr trump even though u make us mad sometimes cute!
failurefor all of talk of engaging the world us favorability has dropped around the world
consumer prices rose in june due to opec opec continues to rip off hard working american families daily
my job as president is to do everything within my power to give america a level playing field americafirst🇺🇸➡️…
the same man that released pan am terrorist for humane reasons will destroy scotland with grotesque turbines!
i hope pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities
other than yourself whats the one reason why i should watch celebapprentice this season?? gary b
almost all reporters falsely report that i had a bad time at last years white house correspondents dinner cont
what do you think is writing? celebapprentice
great talk with my friend president mauricio macri of argentina this week he is doing such a good job for argentina i support his vision for transforming his country’s economy and unleashing its potential!
donaldtrump2016
help those affected by sandy is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to for sandyrelief
rt meritbased immigration reform will benefit american workers and relieve the strain imposed by our current system on federa…
not to mention melanie would be a beautiful first lady i agree!
the wgc leadership board is available here
quite nice thanks!
happy birthday kristine
obama said in his speech that muslims are our sports heroes what sport is he talking about and who? is obama profiling?
while derek jeter is training every day in the off season reports come out that arod is partying all over the country go derek
the boston bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the va we must do better!
the 18th hole at trump intgolf links this golf course is very impressive and a great test…
at what point does this soon to be $20000000 witch hunt composed of 13 angry and heavily conflicted democrats and two people who have worked for obama for 8 years stop! they have found no collussion with russia no obstruction but they aren’t looking at the corruption
russia is sending a fleet of ships to the mediterranean obama’s war in syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict
it was my great honor to join our wonderful veterans at amvets post 44 in youngstown ohio this evening a grateful nation salutes you!
thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes very nice!
is a master negotiator obama cant even operate a toaster oreillyfactor
the missuniverse women totally blow away the victoria’s secret women!
our govt is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in afghanistan are ending up with terrorists
the fake news is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches well their was afghanistan somber the big rally
wow! what a great night thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to
says that the iraelis are controlling our government lets fire him a second time
great job proud of you! americafirst rncincle
hillary clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me no policy and always very short stamina media gives her a pass!
the lightweight used my name in a debate for gravitasit didnt work sad!
never realized that was in home alone 2 the man does everything trump2016
agreed! haters! just because they wont ever have the half the intelligence of mr trump!
ill be on piers morgan tonight this evening 9 pm on cnn be sure to tune in
alshabbab not isis just made a video on me they all will as frontrunner and if i speak out against them which i must hillary lied!
donald trump is a leader and savvy businessman two qualities we lack and desperately need in dc thank you happy easter!
so much fake news about what is going on in the white house very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with china the coming north korea meeting and of course the vicious gas attack in syria feels great to have bolton and larry k on board i we are
thanks to obamacare’s device tax boston scientific plans to cut 1500 jobs obamacare will kill ingenuity
happy smallbusinesssaturday!a great day to support your community and america’s job creators by shopping locally at a smallbiz shopsmall
entrepreneurs identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve then study the best people in your field and learn from them
my trumptuesday interview discussing how has to get tough real unemployment and bias press
mark penn “why are there people from the clinton foundation on the mueller staff? why is there an independent councel? to go after people and their families for unrelated offensesconstitution was set up to prevent thisstormtrooper tactics almost” a disgrace!
when you do the things youve done you can put your name on it!!! thanks
big poll comes out today on face the nation at 10 30 on
total fool is part of the republican establishment problem an all talk no action dummy!
bernie sanders totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton all of that work energy and money and nothing to show for it! waste of time
having role models like and is the best thing in life! they set standards and we can follow thx
yesterday was amazing—5 victories lyin’ ted cruzhad zero things are going very well!
ford is building a factory in mexico should be in us
melania would make a fantastic first lady she has the charm that reminds me of classy jackie o trump2016
the thought of obama makes me want to puke he is a big disgrace to america and all it stands for
bad decisions can be devastating
you have truly elevated this club to another level we thank you! thanks!
“the great question is not whether you have failed but whether you are content with failure” laurence j peter
gross negligence by the democratic national committee allowed hacking to take placethe republican national committee had strong defense!
“be flexibly focused focus does not mean being narrowminded or rigid” – think big
great new polls! thank you nevada north carolina and ohio join the movement today and lets maga!…
saying hed use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him
just left oklahoma the most amazing crowd and people! what a night!
see attached article very frightening to people living around these monstrosities
definitely exciting
on top the gop democrats and media have all hit here’s the result
the epa official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned good but his attitude is endemic in the epa
cnbc poll trump won gopdebate makeamericagreatagain trump2016
president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think he is living in a world of the make believe!
reveals plans for allnew spa at resort exclusive interview in todays
pursue it starting today action is the foundational key to all successpablo picasso
i emulated you for a speech in 8th grade i look up to you htm purduecal accredited thanks
i see you boss 🙌🏼
“ to donald trump ‘fire via by
are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence?
another example of diplomatic triumphshe gave the queen of england an iipod filled with his speeches
crooked hillary clinton lied to the fbi and to the people of our country she is sooooo guilty but watch her time will come!
crooked hillarys brainpower is highly overratedprobably why her decision making is so bad or as stated by bernie s she has bad judgement
wind power is proving to be very costly and unsightly
sleazebag has just been forced to resign from his pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job
we just need to let run the whole world trump2016 it would be a fantastic place thanks!
thank you nadine!
tonights episode of the apprentice is one of the best everwere down to the final 3 and its high excitement all the way 10 pm on nbc
it was great being with luther strange last night in alabama what great people what a crowd! vote luther on tuesday
we had a wonderful visit to vietnam thank you president tran dai quang! heading to the aseansummit 50th anniv gala in the philippines now
all recent presidents have released their transcripts what is hiding?
i am pleased to announce that effective 4/9/18 will be my new national security advisor i am very thankful for the service of general hr mcmaster who has done an outstanding job and will always remain my friend there will be an official contact handover on 4/9
spa has an array of 5 star services12 treatment rooms and 53 spa guestrooms w/great views
you are the man mr trump your als challenge was epic and all it represented love to the fam thanks lorenzo
congrats to fantastic allstar celebrity and illusionist on being honored at 2013 hollywood walk of fame!
alaska arizona maine and kentucky are big winners in the healthcare proposal 7 years of repeal and replace and some senators not there
icymi i agree to all americans i see you and i hear you i am your voice vote to draintheswamp with me on 11/8…
so true not even close
perhaps
mexico’s totally corrupt gov’t looks horrible with el chapo’s escape—totally corrupt us paid them $3 billion
trumpvlog south african justice
rt yesterdays hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the russians because there wasnt any…
has all he could ever want if he runs for pres then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again
what message does it send when campaign has to spin whether america is better off than it was 4 years ago?
winning!
say hi to your fatherenjoy the tie
always knows what to say i love the trumpadvice thank you
mark begich votes with obama 97 he opposes drilling and supports amnesty for illegals next tuesday vote
thanks heather and you do a great job on fox!
so do most smart people!
i endorsed a book on obamacare and it just went to 2 on the new york times bestseller list!
would the people of us prefer a liar or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! no brainer hey!
i recently heard you talked and acted like a billionaire before you became a billioanire interesting
hear donald trump discuss big gov spending banks taxes on your world w/neil cavuto
rt i live in aberdeenshire and im with you you have made a big difference to that bit cont
on 800 pristine miami acres boasts luxurious accommodations worldclass dining and championship golf
chris matthews is happily smearing you on hardball poor chris ! i know chris wellhe is a lightweight
thank you pittsburgh pennsylvania! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
youre the only candidate we can trust other candidates are controlled by their donors! votetrump
i call jeb bush the reluctant warrior he just doesnt want to be doing this he is not having fun!
“talent hits a target no one else can hit genius hits a target no one else can see” – arthur schopenhauer
keep telling it like it is refreshing no political bs
trump us must get tougher because china is eating our lunch via money news
in america we dont worship government we worship god!🎥
with 46stories and 391 beautiful rooms offers a wide array of aaa five diamond luxury options
capital isnt scarce vision is sam walton
the more i read about the more i want him to be president his directness and honesty just makes sense
its time to put a wharton grad in the white house! trump2016 that is true!
only 88000 jobs were added this past march prediction was 190000 businesses can’t expand with obama care and high taxes on horizon
trump vineyard estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions watch the video for a look
rt proud to support our friend for us senate representing tennessee marsha blackburn is a rockribbed conservativ…
remember i was the one who said attack the oil isis source of wealth a long time ago everyone scoffed now theyre attacking the oil
thoughts on ukraine? plz run for president so we can have real leadership for us!
iran is closing the strait of hormuz for a military exercise imagine what they will do with nukes?!
should i get the red donald trump tie or the blue donald trump tie??? get them both at macysthanks!
he knows the best place!
all raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford cont
46 stories in the center of downtown new york 391 spacious rooms each have floortoceiling windows
the states today that djt believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons how dishonest are they i never said this!
there’s no love lost between and disrespectful? who is being disrespectful? celebapprentice
thank you henderson nv this is a movement like never seen before! watch some of the rally via my facebook page …
“be objective and strive to be your own counselor listen to others but know the final decision is yours” – think like a champion
the 2013 trump pageant comes to moscow on november 9th airing from crocus city hall on
when is your announcement that you arent going to run scheduled to be made? stay tuned!
blackdog scotland started a petition against
report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election short on ideas just giving excuses to donors
i wish i could go on jays show so badly! real quote from real quote is i wish they would stop calling
up before 7 on a saturday thats why youre a winner thanks butmuch more because of thebrain!
laurencetribe calls cruz constitutional hypocrite on
this is such a special time to be in new york city no better city in the world to celebrate christmas!
maybe boehner will stop this one sided deal in the housei hope so!
to make up their own minds as to the truth the media lies to make it look like i am against intelligence when in fact i am a big fan!
are now fighting back like never before there is so much guilt by democrats/clinton and now the facts are pouring out do something!
its my birthday and what a wonderful gift if i could get a retweet from such an inspirational man happy birthday
trumpvlog same last name same bad ratings and
greatthank you!
got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts too many incidentsfast trial death penalty
rt the cpac team is excited to announce that will be speaking at cpac 2015! cpac2015
rt
i will be announcing my decision on the paris accord over the next few days make america great again!
a clip from my interview discussing how news max debate is determining the gop primary polls
live on periscope watch major press conference live from now! makeamericagreatagain
waiting to see you at cpac wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on monday mornings foxandfriends
anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the us should boycott
please lets have kim novak on celebrity apprentice she would be great i agree!
thank you arkansas! trump2016 supertuesday
i am happy to donate $5 million to a charity barack obama chooses all i am asking is that he is transparent with the american people
we love your business updates and insights dont waste your energy on politics business is where you shine
thank you illinois! trump2016
if republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the senate they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority not senseless 60
democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive tax cuts is why we need republican roy moore to win in alabama we need his vote on stopping crime illegal immigration border wall military pro life va judges 2nd amendment and more no to jones a pelosi/schumer puppet!
my tv is off twitter is up waiting for the real show starring cnnsocialistdebate demdebate
congratulations to billy payne and on doing the right thing
i bet the dumbest political commentator on television will soon be thrown off the air for poor cont
a friend of mine went to and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of
the jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick who will be really good it will just never change for them!
headline “kim prepared to cede nuclear weapons if us pledges not to invade” from the failing new york times also will shut down nuclear test site in may
ask sally yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the news papers soon after she explained it to wh council
i agree with marco rubio that ted cruz is a liar!
logic will get you from a to b imagination will take you everywhere albert einstein
i would vote for you mr trump and i dont even vote
guys like that will watch everything burn down around them before they admit they were wrong
i will always remember the time i spent today with courageous students teachers and families so much love in the midst of so much pain we must not let them down we must keep our children safe!!full listening session
if a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers and others who will be instantly shooting the sicko will never attack that school cowards won’t go thereproblem solved must be offensive defense alone won’t work!
is dominating the discussion on twitter with 79352 mentions today via
liberty university speech by djt was biggest by far in schools history standing ovationsgreat young people!
2016 running for president? trump2016 thanks
and discussing the in new york the best hotels
with the economy still on a downward trajectory the best investment young people can make now is buying property
is the greatest to everyone who hates on him he does not care what you say 😂😂😂
you did a fantastic job tonight on thank you for your very tough and very smart representation!
thanks chuck
i didnt vote for him but i cant wait till hes out of office for president! 2016
the donald gets things done trump2016
donald trumps resume backs his run for president greta thank you so true
making america safe is my number one priority we will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet
a great gift idea is my new book timetogettough easy to order on amazon
i will be at herald square april 18 to sign my new fragrance success by trump first 100 customers receive a copy of my new book
to each member of the graduating class from the national academy at quantico congratulations!
i will check it out thanks
our retrumplican trump support group of 9500 members say 97 will not watch the debate tonight!
i rarely get star struck but ive just interviewed donald trump for yeeeehaaaaa
ive played the new doral which is awesomeone day i hope to play another trump course
happy 70th birthday to the the american people are eternally grateful thank you for keeping america proud strong and free!
great meeting w/ nato sec gen we agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share and focus on…
ill help bring home ohio mr future president love it!
remember nbc increased celebrity apprentice to 2 hours starting this sunday night at 9 pm through end of seasongreat news for app lovers
one of my favorite places in the world great resort great history now a great owner congrats! thanks
dying magazine
we need to fix our broken education system! stopcommoncore makeamericagreatagain video
u r amazing students and businesss learn so much through ur program its very inspiring as well as entertaining thank u!
what is wrong with the now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to obama pathetic
im voting for too thanks
total inaction on daca by dems where are you? a deal can be made!
if you are interested in balancing work and pleasure you will never succeed!
twitlonger betathe american work ethic is what led generations of americans to create our once prosperous nation cont
if chelsea clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the fake news would say chelsea for pres!
agree!!!
immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this far more assets at much less cost than guards a “gun free” school is a magnet for bad people attacks would end!
go donald! show them what a real man is!
castro chavez and ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results they are praying obama wins
rt president on daca im the one thats pushing daca and the democrats are nowhere to be found
im in front of the camera and behind the camera just looked at your picture youll never be in front of the camera!
like him or not says exactly what he thinks and doesnt beat around the bush and thats admirable election2016
what many people don’t understand or don’t want to understand is that wayne chris and the folks who work so hard at the are great people and great american patriots they love our country and will do the right thing make america great again!
loved seeing joan rivers tonight! and is such a classy amazing woman you should be proud!
andrew mccabe fired a great day for the hard working men and women of the fbi a great day for democracy sanctimonious james comey was his boss and made mccabe look like a choirboy he knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the fbi!
great event last night with to support
bombed is an understatement pathetic attempt by gop rove embarrassed himself
see you in court the security of our nation is at stake!
our online campaign store is open! visit for makeamericagreatagain merchandise including my signature hat!
when will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with russia is a good thing not a bad thing there always playing politics bad for our country i want to solve north korea syria ukraine terrorism and russia can greatly help!
along with heaven on earth
glad to hear patriotic americans are organizing a movement this august to boycott chinese products people get it!
thanks derek and true!
you buying the bills would be a dream come true! thank you so much
can you believe that mitch mcconnell who has screamed repeal and replace for 7 years couldnt get it done must repeal and replace obamacare!
five star are the most luxurious and elite residences in the vegas market “if you love it own it”
the real story that congress the fbi and all others should be looking into is the leaking of classified information must find leaker now!
join me live in wilmington ohio!
the apprentice has started and revived a lot of peoples careers very true!
i agree! the headline says it all trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
i will be interviewed by on at 7 30 am enjoy
washington is simply incapable of any moderation because is such an extreme leftist he must be defeated timetogettough
why is letting the taliban know when our troops are leaving? this is dangerous for our soldiers
im waiting for the day i can put a check mark next to your name for president
i will not be able to attend the miss usa pageant tomorrow night because i am campaigning in phoenix wishing all well!
after arsenio won celebrity apprentice he told me in tears that i would be his first guest if he got a show no interest!
wow the obamacare website which president obama said would be working today is a total mess with many functions not even thought about!
obama told the un that “the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago” is he delusional?
with listing himself as born in kenya in 1999 hi laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate scam
this election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges and outright lies in order to elect crooked hillary!
all i can say is that if i were president snowden would have already been returned to the us by their fastest jet and with an apology!
i will gladly be your campaign manager donald i wanted you to be president last election
why where is the reporting ltmost votes for president in history of usa
yes please run for president i said that ages ago while he was at a conference in sydney australia
now after that home run derby performance whos your pick to win the all star game tonight? american
my interview discussing my video and why should not apologize
love leeza shes amazing tonight
myrtle beach south carolina makeamericagreatagain trump2016
awesome speech! he tells it like it is! great speech! thanks!
obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year
twisted sister frontman shines in the record 13th season of ‘all star’ the iron man of rock and roll is great!
watched you on you were great and i appreciate the nice statements i’m sending out for your new book now!
senator chuck schumer helping to import europes problems said coltony shaffer we will stop this craziness!
dont forget you were also the only person to host wrestlemania in back to back years so true thanks
i loved your als challenge! im so happy that you showed real men can do it! obama not! thanks
much can be done and it would be easy!
thank goodness demdebate is over not impressed trump2016!!! makeamericagreatagain
via “trump not happy with republicans”
thoroughly enjoyed your speech in sc thanks jim
why cant the media tell the truth we would all be so much better off!
staying at the trump in chicago well done sir this place is amazing chicago trump
a great night in iowa!
congratulations to my daughter ivanka and her husband jared on the birth of their daughter arabella rose yesterday
floyd mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by marcos maidana but announcers say it is even two rounds left
should run for president next election rt trump4prez thanks for such nice words
hope he wont spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd amendment!
trump has done it again excellence elegance and excitement brilliant news for ireland county clare is buzzing thanks!
“romney’s $2 billion sacrifice for america” by chris ruddy
huffington post is just upset that i said its purchase by aol has been a disaster and that arianna huffington is ugly both inside and out!
in any business venture remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise fight hard for that brand of yours
during my recent trip to the middle east i stated that there can no longer be funding of radical ideology leaders pointed to qatar look!
mrs goldberg who filed the chicago case many years ago is a vicious and conniving womanloved beating her
the liberal media is focusing on bank records how about reviewing illegal land deal contracts with tony rezko?
arent u angry how the media has turned donaldtrump slam against illegal immigration into him hating all immigrants
rt is fighting to grow the economy and cut taxes! he’s fighting for a safer va and he’s is fighting for affordab…
when will u return to soon!
only the fake news media and trump enemies want me to stop using social media 110 million people only way for me to get the truth out!
since the first day i took office all you hear is the phony democrat excuse for losing the election russia russiarussia despite this i have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month president make america great again!
is desperate now he is saying that he would prefer over cont
ted cruz was for welcoming syrian refugees before he was against it
the republican party must get tougher and smarter and fast or it will go down to a very big defeat just like the last two times!
looking forward to keynoting the ncgopcon dinner tomorrow night! is a top state party!
the democrats do not want to help daca would be so easy to make a deal!
just as i predicted while obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago iran cheated and increased its nuclear fuel by 20 we must double sanctions!
top 6
you scored a 10 on thanks for keeping it real!
if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commanderinchief
hope one day well be honoring you on presidents day so nice!
rt this year’s taxday is the last time you’ll have to file your taxes through an outdated broken system byebye
prediction the disaster known as obamacare will only get worse and republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
only those who arent braindead time to take back our country and mr trump is the only man who can
triple h aka donald trump smackdown yourefired
im so happy that is back! celebapprentice
yesterday was another big day for jobs and the stock market chrysler coming back to us michigan from mexico and many more companies paying out tax cut money to employees if dems won in november market would have tanked! it was headed for disaster
dont think your more than donald trumphe is the best betterthanyou thanks!
a new radical islamic terrorist has just attacked in louvre museum in paris tourists were locked down france on edge again get smart us
sorry folks but bernie sanders is exhausted just cant go on any longer he is trying to dismiss the new emails and dnc disrespect sad!
via bloomberg fox news couldnt kill trumps momentum made him stronger
scary thoughtis the sexual pervert anthony weiner now in charlotte? did he bring his phone with him?
thinks is what washingtons social scene needs truth is shes amazing
our not very bright vice president joe biden just stated that i wanted to carpet bomb the enemy sorry joe that was ted cruz!
might buy a tv just to see on monday mornings on great
if the us government doesnt give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel i willthe us under obamas leadership!
25 days to go until fiscal cliff bad name—it is only a fiscal curb! debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff will be interesting!
merry christmas!!
and “director’s cut” has 4 days to go until it meets its goal
wow just wrote the definitive piece on what i said about john mccain
im not against vaccinations for your children im against them in 1 massive dosespread them out over a period of time and autism will drop!
busy day planned looking forward to watching president macron of france address a joint session of congress today this is a great honor and seldom allowed to be donehe will be great!
lets get the trump trending makeamericagreatagain thedoniscoming trumpcard vets4trump
next tuesday remember how our president has not lifted a finger for usmc tahmooressi he only wants illegals to cross our border
obama spoke to the mexican president last week and did not mention umc sgt tahmooressi sad!
democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders
the president obama quote just before election that’s because he thought crooked hillary was going to win and he didn’t want to “rock the boat” when i easily won the electoral college the whole game changed and the russian excuse became the narrative of the dems
the course looks magnificent ! thank you
no wonder the is failing—who can believe what they write after the false malicious and libelous story they did on me
votetrumpks trump2016march 5 2016 wichita kansas
i am pleased to inform you that celebrity apprentice has been renewed for another season by nbc see you at the nbc upfronts tomorrow
thanks tim!
please hurry up and run ill vote for you!!!
thx rt well done thurs cable news ratings foxs bret baier beats cnn msnbc hln combined
another win!
trump rights ship on immigration demands disney rehire workers replaced by cheap foreign labor
at least doral will be great again!!! thats true!
est
i agree about the wind turbines they are horrible
who the f is bill maher? nobody really!
we are standing with you! spreading the wordtrump for president 2016!! i wake and sleep praying for you and the usa!israel2
thank you st augustine florida! get out and vote! join the movement and lets draintheswamp! off to tampa now!…
my speech from last saturday’s nhfreedomsummit via
my int with on obama being all talk and no action and making america great again!
entrepreneurs pay attention to your negotiation skills its all about persuasion and persuasion is power
the donald do you sleep?? sincerely oklahoma not much
the stock market is having a horrendous day bad employment numbers
the latest book on hillary—wow a really tough one!
well quit yapping about and run for office i like your ideas do it!!
via donald trump aims to bring luxury to doral golf resort and spa
its my birthday today the best present you can give me is to be my next president happy birthday!
i would rather read tweets than hear obama lie tweetthetruth vs lierlier
donald trump hands ‘fox news sunday’ its biggest crowd in 6 years great!
o personally i think you would be a great president for our country leadership
and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast
will give a great speech at cpac today he understands the threat from china
documentary works better than any sleeping pill—in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!
it was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of congress for a discussion on safe schools and safe communities as we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in parkland we are determined to turn our grief into action full meeting
north korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the us it wont happen!
via by “donald trump hints at presidential run promises great luxury hotel for dc”
peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation some are true and some are false some are old and some are new there is no recovery for someone falsely accused life and career are gone is there no such thing any longer as due process?
as promised my pick is the san francisco
rt in my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016
true! they are great
congratulations to is the first potus to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
if obama is concerned about the border he should stop vacationing govt will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration
we cannot let this evil continue! debates2016
rt i want to get to a yes vote
our country needs a great business man like yourself to made us a force on a global scale again so true!
love all of your books very helpful thanks good luck!
weekly addressjoin me here
is an extraordinary entertainer and magician whose star on the hollywood walk of fame is long overdue very proud of him
the g 20 summit was a great success for the us explained that the us must fix the many bad trade deals it has made will get done!
are you a democrat running in a race you should lose? get to run an ad against you and you will win
i hope runs for president he is what our country needs to get or economy going thanks!
where are all the liberal environmentalists demanding the end of wind turbines to stop the slaughter of birds? so true!
a great beauty!
it is time to take care of our people to rebuild our nation and to fight for our great american workers! taxreform usa🇺🇸
trump hotels are the best!!! i agree and thanks!
thanks rodyoure a great player and guy
why is allowed to take advantage of the people of kentucky by running for senator and pres why should kentucky be back up plan?
we agree hillary clinton say anything and change nothing its time to turn the page president obama
yes i loved it! close to unionstation for train travellers which is what i was toronto
we need a real man in washington with real policies and a firm grip on foreign issues please restore america trump2016
my honor thank you
i wouldn’t use to design a doghouse let alone a house or building!
a great day in wisconsin!thank you racine and wausau! just arrived in eauclaire! trump2016 wiprimary trumptrain
then why do you follow me like a little puppy moron?
mr trump thank you! for having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you i want my country back!
the nfl is now thinking about a new idea keeping teams in the locker room during the national anthem next season that’s almost as bad as kneeling! when will the highly paid commissioner finally get tough and smart? this issue is killing your league!
even barbara bush agrees with me
not too many around!
it is time for iran to face serious consequences this regime is a threat to our national security
hillary clinton is a deceitful career politician donald trump is a nononsense billionaire businesses manpick one
whats happening to us is not a question of toughits a question of smart hurry and run already we need to get smart
why didnt president obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday common sense! the two marines looked very uncomfortableamp wet
join me live from fort myer in arlington virginia ➡️
good never give up!
run for president! save us!
“don’t emphasize the problem so muchemphasize the solution it’s a mindset that works” – think like a champion
rt i have long respected indias accomplished and charismatic foreign minister and it was an honor to meet her…
i am rooting for but if i was on the apprentice i would call my friend to help
just introduced at ncgopcon as the countrys highest paid speaker told the record crowd of 650 i am to be speaking here for free!
but rosie is smarter than
doing a commercial for lots of fun!
looking forward to meeting with in a little while we will be traveling to north carolina together today
did you also hear megyn say carson is the frontrunner according so some polls tied in other polls outright lie! hatred!
get out and vote tomorrow! we will make america great again! ctprimary deprimary mdprimary paprimary riprimary
our country need something never seen so much division as the last years
my interview on risk for on immigration wasting money in middle east and firing
jamie dimon just gave away $13b to government in settlement terrible move and bad precedent could have done much better by fighting
true and thanks john!
we are taking action to repealandreplace obamacare! contact your rep and tell them you support ahca passthebill…
thank you kanye very cool!
just been walking behind you boss! liking the golf course and hotel in general! miami doral will be great!
lets get turnberry back in the rotation mr trump has given to the game so much in such a short time ie doral thanks
vote trumppence16 on 11/8/16!
after poor performance waffling in debates should support
congrats on your win never considered you would not win enjoy you every monday on fox thank you
general james mad dog mattis who is being considered for secretary of defense was very impressive yesterday a true generals general!
a pleasure to film at the beautiful links course and club house thanks to and
my son and just announced their engagement great news ! a wonderful couple!
great advice from my father know everything you can about what youre doing fred c trump
do you believe obama just said that america would be less safe with a travel ban from west africathis is the thinking of a total mad man!
already thinking about golf 2014top of the list has to be revamped doral world golf championship march 39 miami fl
deportations are now at a record low obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high secure the border!
the dummies left iraq and libya without the oil!
agree! romney needed trumps cajones all im saying!
congrats mr trump frivolous lawsuits are a big problem in this country and issue should be addressed
lawmakers of the house judiciary committee are angrily accusing the department of justice of missing the thursday deadline for turning over unredacted documents relating to fisa abuse fbi comey lynch mccabe clinton emails and much more slow walking what is going on? bad!
the media and establishment want me out of the race so badly i will never drop out of the race will never let my supporters down! maga
cant wait for debates! dt will crush them could happen!
we salute our great american flag we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of allegiance and we all proudly stand for the national anthem cpac2018
“george has a real twinkle about him” says really? the shark should be scared celebapprentice
after my tour of asia all countries dealing with us on trade know that the rules have changed the united states has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion the massive trade deficits must go down quickly!
the 9/11 trials at gitmo over the weekend were a disaster can you imagine how much worse it would be if tried them in nyc?
it is an amazing place! will be playing there in a tournament june 3 cant wait! win!
est in 1906 is home to the iconic ailsa championship course four times over
rosie odonnells show is dead cant keep going for long with such poor ratings is a stone cold cont
joe biden called america the problem vis a vis iran he never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid
yes i thought romney would do betterjust didnt catch on!
that he even has any poll numbers is baffling true!
tell your friends son youre fired tumor!
inspiration thank you!
have never voted in a presidential election but when i do will get my vote! trump4president
entrepreneurs keep your focus and keep your momentum believe in yourselfif you dont no one else will either
im so happy that you find time to tweet i really enjoy following you thanks amy
if trump ran in 16 it would be the 1st time i could stand by our president since i was old enough to understand politics
a suicide bomber has just killed us troops in afghanistan when will our leaders get tough and smart we are being led to slaughter!
thanks a really nice addition to the doral neighborhood thank you
is cruz honest? he is in bed w/ wall st and is funded by goldman sachs/citi low interest loans no legal disclosure and never sold off assets
the president of syria is killing people inhumanly but the so called rebels may be just as bad or worse!
today we together won the republican nomination for president!
a 34 story luxury highrise offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space
seriously needs to run for president🙌🙏
im with trump! thanks!
the failing new york daily news knowingly incorrectly reported that i wanted to speak at the republican national conventionwrong!
if you love what youre doing the energy and passion will be there its the best way to succeed
to maralago 3 nights in a row around new years eve and insisted on joining me she was bleeding badly from a facelift i said no!
hope and changesince has taken office the us debt has increased by an average of $64k per taxpayer
after climbing a great hill one only finds that there are many more hills to climb nelson mandela
on isisampoil fields! saying it for years! you should acknowledge this! trump2016
scarynow chinas develo pm ent bank is looking to buy us homes and develo pm ents they will own our country soon
smart move by the democrats to have pres play a key role in their convention
flashbackfriday on the set of
with long gas lines and total disarray from storm the hurricane may yet be a negative for obama
rather watch season 7 of theapprentice
just viewed the video of the changes to an already stunning course will now be even more spectacular
why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the campaign trail with crooked hillary? she is flying with him tomorrow who pays?
to every patriot who will serve on the ussgeraldrford ☑️keep the watch🇺🇸☑️protect her🇺🇸☑️defend her🇺🇸☑️love her🇺🇸good luck and godspeed!
the donald has done great all over!!!!! thanks
had a run round ails this morning going to be great when all the changes are finished thanks
how do you deal with haters? laugh at them!
why donald trump won’t touch your entitlements des moines iowa—donald trump says if he runs for p
trump intl hotel and golf links ireland formerly the lodge at doonbeg is a 5 star resort fronting the atlantic ocean
has my first presidential vote if he runs in 2016 !
again i have nothing to do with the atlantic city closing i have not even been there in many years some press was accurate some not!
this is all about american weakness and an incompetent president
youll have to watch to find out
thank you pennsylvania i am forever grateful for your amazing support lets make america great again! maga…
great show! my money is on sig hanson or geraldo rivera!
i was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real
hi katie lets get donald trump in the wh hes the man to get this country back in order!
playing pine hill for pops day enjoy it!
today will be a super tuesday for he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region he will be the nominee
great appearance! thanks
please run in 2016 mr trump we need a new commander in chief thats for sure!
dems dont want to talk isis b/c hillarys foreign interventions unleashed isis and her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here
i delivered a speech in charlotte north carolina yesterday i appreciate all of the feedback and support lets maga…
donald you are the next ronald reagan make america great again thank you
ny should frack now what’s the hold up? is albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class?
i would pay to see debate obama!! ok with me!
argyll grandmother takes uk and eu to the united nations over plans to turn scotland into windfarm hedgehog
go trump our guy
mr trump i truly hope you are elected i strongly believe you have more than the skills required we need a professional
i wonder why is not going to the naacp convention is it because he cant answer questions about 147 black unemployment?
no way they are bird killing machines
inflation is here record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets bad for family grills
“remember the golden rule of negotiating ‘he who has the gold makes the rules’” – midas touch
the fight against isis starts at our border ‘at least’ 10 isis have been caught crossing the mexico border build a wall!
i can’t believe allowed final touchdown—dumbest defensive play i have ever seen in football
wasted $400 million and didn’t win one race—a total loser
“the only source of knowledge is experience” – albert einstein
i believe this book will rock a lot of people dont just read timetogettough but share it with your friends and family! rushlimbaugh
and a dumb guy!
did president obama have a rough day yesterday or what? he has got to start telling the truth no more lies or deception!
is americas only chance he will makeamericagreatagain
great even in sc tonight! fire marshall would not let everyone in 5000 turned away thank you for coming!
we have not seen china’s demands yet which should be few in that previous us administrations have done so poorly in negotiating china has seen our demands there has been no folding as the media would love people to believe the meetings
twitter is on enemies list
fbi deputy director andrew mccabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits 90 days to go?!!!
teachers in chicago should go back to work immediatelyrahm emanuel has offered them a fair deal now theyre just acting for the cameras
bigleaguetruth draintheswamp
interesting reading re september 11th
watching celebrity apprentice great stuff so far
please please run for president in 2016 we need something to look forward to and someone to look up to!
the president changed so has small businesses confidence
just awesome!
70 stories above panama bay the majestic sail design is central america’s architectural icon
what we are watching on our tv screens is the unraveling of the obama foreign policy
debt ceiling sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal
is the best person in the entire world thank you emily so nice!
dont talk to me about bush i was never a defender or a fan!
out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the ban case and now the sanctuary case is brought in
best apprentice episode ever tonight at 8 00 its been hilarious ! good pick mr trump!
flashback “what learned from the rock star of real estate”
i dont know if president obama isnt stopping the flights from ebola torn west africa because he is stubborn stupid or just doesnt care!
dont find fault find a remedy henry ford
will be interviewed on now!
rt i will be interviewed tonight on by at 9 pm e enjoy!
a great way to start out the monday thanks!
change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future john f kennedy
your sign is absolutely stunning in chicago! now only if you could wear a suit and fight crime!
great meeting at dinner besides his great acting gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation
america should be so lucky to have even consider leading our nation thank you
so lets get this right steve jobs dies and leaves his wife everythingbillions of dollars now his wife has a boyfriend lover oh steve!
dummy im asking a question look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! use your head
the response has been fantastic actually overwhelming! thank you!
if you would buy the team that would be awesome! just an extra win for my squad
october 2015 thanks chris wallace
tim kaine is and always has been owned by the banks bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice bernie fought for nothing!
the middleclass has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about itthey dont care!
so when are you going to start campaigning? stay tuned!
wow because of the pressure put on by me ice to launch large scale deportation raids its about time!
we just passed 19m followers and gained over 250000 followers in the last monththank youlets have fun and do business
can you believe that the builder of the failed obamacare website was just given a new government contract how stupid is that clueless!!!
it was a great honor to be with king abdullah ii of jordan and his delegation this morning we had a great bilateral meeting!🇺🇸🇯🇴
does madonna know something we all dont about barack? at a concert she said we have a black muslim in the white house
i remained strong for during his difficult period he rewarded me and himself by winning at trump national doral
draintheswamp phoenixrally
the lights went out at the white house today symbolic of the obama presidency
i hear the very ungrateful has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings really too bad!
college application would be very very very very interesting!
rt remarkable how costeffective post says trump campaign was per vote and stunning how much jeb spent per vote
irresponsible! in the last 6 months has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his job council
“what happened”“how team hillary played the press for fools on russia”➡️ we know!
donald you need to promote the gilc it is a great event and shows off doonbeg best resort i have ever stayed at!
heading to rally with bobby now! see you soon!
when the super committee fails will get exactly what he really wantsautomatic cuts in defense spending this is his plan
our country needs to reestablish the work ethic in ny welfare pays better than jobs zero incentive
join me in redding california tomorrow at 1 00 pm trump2016tickets
i still have articles from following some of your 80s moves and the trump game i was the original apprentice! great!
i steer away from fox now never thought that would happen
i love the new sign in chicago! it makes my drive down lakeshore drive that much better! keep up the good work! thanks
donald trump chuck todd agree no trust of feds handling ebola because of obama admin scandals
youre awesome funny and u gained a new fan!!! probably many!!!!
the approval process for the biggest tax cut and tax reform package in the history of our country will soon begin move fast congress!
tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in america there has never been anything like it now disney jp morgan chase and many others massive regulation reduction and tax cuts are making us a powerhouse again long way to go! jobs jobs jobs!
im skipping cap hill meetings to make it to your cpac2014 speech! any hints on the topic??
gas prices are at crazy levelsfire obama!
if it were up to goofy elizabeth warren we’d have no jobs in america—she doesn’t have a clue
we need you now more than ever! hope to see you run in 2016!
just started my business and everyday i tell myself beliketrump very nice thanks!
you would make such a good president thank you!
ny city is paying forty million dollars to five men that many think are guilty as hell so many facts should have been trial politics!
entrepreneurs achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau its a beginning
great optimism in america – and the results will be even better!
great pick by buffalo sammy watkins will be great!
today we gathered in the east room to pay tribute to the heroes whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in alexandria va
it is really a shame that barack obama may stop $5m from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent
thanks for all of your kind words and thoughts big progress is being made keep up the great work!
~~~amen ann
2011 celebrityapprentice winner and interviewed the final four in this weeks episode
the economy is looking really good it has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers the underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better
now that the obamacare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence is the person who hired them going to be fired?
man did jeb throw his brother under the bus last night on probably true but not nice!
very little pickup by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by wikileaks so dishonest! rigged system!
they have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own brought in by parents at young age plus big border security
the us cannot negotiate with terrorists it is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved but this can only lead to disaster
just spent two days in ireland at trump international golf links and hotel absolutely magnificent
the🇺🇸has great strength and patience but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies we will have no choice but to totally destroy noko
you do and thanks
republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
wow the final ratings for the miss universe pageant show that it won in all key demos number one on sunday i have a winner!
we need your vote go to the polls! lets continue this movement! find your poll location
at madison square garden followed by a ceremony with 80000 people at metlife stadium wrestlemania
just watched you on thank you!
the federal government has increased its employment by 12 since 2007 we need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed
not on your watch mr president 100 true!
you are a decent man and true to your word america needs you mr trump plz run for president
just got back from georgia the crowds and love for us was so amazing! we all had a great day together will be back soon!
is a total low life read his past tweets a dummy with no “it” factor will fade fast
obama put up nothing zilch!
thank you for creating the best show ever very nice thank you!
loving itglad youre back but were wondering who is this seasons
so cool to see respond to so many people who tweet at him a true role model in the business world thanks
will be doing fox and friends at 7 2 minutes
terrible piece on mitts faith is a new low even for them
excellent
i am so honored by all the great ny state repubs who came to my office called and wrote for me to run for governor if i do i will win
early on ted cruz said that if he didnt win south carolina its over he didnt win and lost to me in a landslide!
oh no just reported that ted cruz didnt report another loan this one from citi wow no wonder banks do so well in the us senate
75 degrees and perfect beautiful work !!! thanks
my only goal in life is to be a successful man much like
trump2016 zukerisaloser
both of our new york hotels are on the top ten list of the most luxurious hotels in nyc congrats to all!
donald please run
the politicians of the uk should watch katie hopkins of daily on many people in the uk agree with me!
youre the most logical person i follow on twitter!
the trump base is far bigger and stronger than ever before despite some phony fake news polling look at rallies in penn iowa ohio
canada has made business for our dairy farmers in wisconsin and other border states very difficult we will not stand for this watch!
stock market hit yet another alltime record high yesterday there is great confidence in the moves that my administration
watching and consider to be one of the least talented people on television boring and biased!
why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the republican judges will go
rt and secretarygeneral pose for📸prior to their expanded bilateral meeting usa…
great fox interview
will be on with on at 11 35 pm e enjoy! trump2016
for president thank you
heading to new hampshire makeamericagreatagain
time for you to announce and run for president mr trump! youhavemyvote
glad to hear attack ad featuring my plane is playing in north carolina free ad time for trump national in charlotte!
isnt it time that obama release his college records and applications? boy would that create a mess! he is not who you think
it is terrible that neither obama biden nor kerry attended lady thatcher’s funeral they would all run to muslim brotherhood morsi’s
numerous polls have me beating hillary clinton in a race with her voter turnout will be the highest in us historyi get most new voters!
rt not surprisingly the great men and women of the fbi are starting to speak out against comey mccabe and all of the poli…
action speaks louder than words but not nearly as oftenmark twain
jealous of his success ? sean dont waste your time on these losersthey have nothing going!
a great day in south carolina for donaldtrump and teamtrump! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
you have my vote and a volunteer please run we need a president that can bring the pride back in being american!😉
our countrys debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases we must cut government spending
trump intl hotel and tower vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city
thats true and i love it!
a market is never saturated with a good product but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one henry ford
great read “how new yorks veterans day parade became americas parade”
both fools and out of touch with reality! we need trump 45 makeamericagreatagain
only you can fix this country trumpforpresident i agree!
thank you for all that you are doing for us! you campaign endlessly and have spent millionswe love you! trumptrain thanks
rt thanks for all the inspirational quotes helping encourage this young entrepreneur
“no one remembers who came in second” – walter hagen
canadas legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question how will any immigrant applying fo… cont
well iran has done it again taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release this doesnt happen if im president!
my bro lives at your charlotte property and said the club is fantastic! great thanks!
the people of iowa love the fact that i stuck up for my rights as i will do for the us also got $6000000 for our vets!
im on the fence but if runs then im all good
thank you to everyone who joined me at the yesterday together we are making america great again!
craig ferguson called you a bad person the other day? what is your opinion of him? who is craig ferguson?
donald trump returns for allstar celebrity apprentice via
you realize that is what iran wants dont you? you beat iran in a much different fashionnot through syria!
obamacare is a disaster and snowden is a spy who should be executedbut if it and he could reveal obamas recordsi might become a major fan
you are a financial genius i agree thanks!
i support donaldtrump 100 for 2016! he is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was!
stay on message is the chant i always do trade jobs military vets 2nd a repeal ocare borders etc but media misrepresents!
my interview from last night with discussing yesterdays meeting with
congratulations to of wisconsina great victory a smart and tough guy great going
just won the highest rated sanitary award in ny—an aamp the food is great also trump grill/ 57th and 5th
rt abortion flipflops from valuing the sanctity of life gt proabortion demagogue vpdebate
on the red carpet at the nyc premiere of dark knight rises with via
thank you america ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from mexico one more needless death 2 innocent lives taken
interesting article from highly respected wayne allyn root
im a small business owner in njnot easy but you inspire me to try harder and be successful thank you
“if you want to be successful at anything in life you have to be able to handle pressure” – think big
mrtrump isnt my guy he is americas guy ! trump2016 so nice thanks!
thanks dorianit pays to persevere
cant wait for his insightful and intelligent tweets will be so much better than cnn!
perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in washington
if u dont run for prez i hope u r tapped for vp or fed reserve chair or anything thanks
sorry losers and haters but i loved the great energy in madison square garden during my speech the wwe thought it was incredible it was!
should honestly be our president
the obstructionist democrats make security for our country very difficult they use the courts and associated delay at all times must stop!
country needs the right person for the job theres only one! trump 2016 thanks
thankseric
im looking at it extremely seriously donald trump talks about a 2016 presidential run video
had a fantastic time at yesterday’s allstar press conference with in
he has my vote we need an patriot in the white house again
thank you jeffrey lord for the great article discrediting third rate site and slimebag reporter mckay coppins
via donald trump headlines tea party convention in myrtle beach looking forward to visiting sc on monday!
you did a great job hosting everybody loved it! thank you for the nice words
time warner cable out again in manhattan no television they have a real problem!
the ebola nurse should never have been allowed to fly to cleveland and amazing back again nothing works in our once great country anymore
we need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! go mrtrump!!
“donald trump isis awakens the lion with journalist beheading” includes video
the media is on a new phony kick about my management style i spend much less money and get much better results! what we need as prez!
congratulations to bluemonster course for being named one of the 10 toughest courses on tour this year
get to the essence immediately learn to economize people appreciate brevity in todays world think like a champion
sorry i will miss the cpac gathering in orlandothere in spiritobama must go
congratulations to the washington capitals on their great play and winning the stanley cup championship alex ovechkin the team captain was spectacular a true superstar! dc is popping in many ways what a time!
rt is committed to the health and wellbeing of the us people and we are confident dr jerome adams will succeed as our new surgeo…
for president trump2016 ibelieve
as i have long been saying south africa is a total and very dangerous mess just watch the evening news when not talking weather
i think it would be a good idea—and fair—to include and in the debate both solid and good guys
we are now at a time perhaps more than ever before when the world needs great leadership!
a fantastic day and evening in washington dcthank you to and so many other news outlets for the great reviews of the speech!
i agree with this man in every way too bad more americans dont wake up
thomas kinkade died i happen to love the beauty of his paintings he took a lot of heat from art critics who cont
congratulations to linda mcmahon on her victory in the connecticut senate primary she is an amazing womansmart as you get!
donaldtrump needs to to be the next president only person i can even think of that could fix such a fucked up nation
we need more great americans like you to make this country strong thanks for the nice words!
rt my two favorite billionaires!
george steinbrenner would have done a major number on a rod there is no way he would have gotten paid even with the help of the union!
kudos to and for rising above the drama and coming together very respectful and classy 👍
cruz said kasich should leave because he couldnt get to 1237 now he cant get to 1237 drop out lyin ted
watching you now on foxandfriends run donald run!!!!
he is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! excellent book!
twitlonger betawhats incredible is that hasnt even kicked in yet and aleady its doing tremendous damage cont
thanks dan
any gop candidate will lose except for i agree!
welcome to the new reality be careful retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders
thanksa great place!
trump at cpac we have to get the momentum back via
irandeal will go down as one of the dumbest and most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our country—incompetent leader!
i never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on fake news and what i said was to look at the possibility of giving “concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience only the best 20 of teachers a lot would now be able to
via by “donald trump obama’s jobless figures ‘phony’ economists agree”
hagel committee vote has been postponed as hagel refuses to disclose all his finances
study what general pershing of the united states did to terrorists when caught there was no more radical islamic terror for 35 years!
mr trump you need to get some rest we need you to stay healthy so that you can be our president!
any senator who votes against starting debate is telling america that you are fine w/ the ocarenightmare! remarks
trump national golf club los angelesit fronts the pacific ocean and is spectacular
the whole gov needs to be remodeled hes the man for the job id love to see him prez
the republican house members are working hard and late toward the massive tax cuts that they know you deserve these will be biggest ever!
when are you announcing run presidenttrump !? stay tuned!
looking forward to receiving the t boone pickens entrepreneur award at tomorrow’s robert l bartley gala dinner
this man is a very wise man hate to say it but it’s true 👌
matt harvey dont let the get you downnobody reads it play well
just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the trump u case but the press refuses to write about it if i lostmonster story!
congratulations on the great job done by police and law enforcement on the california shootings give credit where credit is due
covers me more inaccurately than any other media source and that is saying something they go out of their way to distort truth!
could very well be close to attacking iran could be this elections big october surprise
your trump hotel in vegas is spectacular amazing strip views thank you
trump all the way!
when and where will all of the many conflicts of interest be listed by the 13 angry democrats plus working on the witch hunt hoax there has never been a group of people on a case so biased or conflicted it is all a democrat excuse for losing the election where is the server?
“ america could sure use you in 2016 sir!” yes please!!
will barack obama personally read the boston terrorist his miranda rights?
this has been a great debate for donald trump
congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the united states and the world so well in the syria attack
to be a champ you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will true!
i had a great time today visiting facebook ny
as election looms some bad news for clinton democrats
not much is as dead or irrelevant as national review thanks to guidance of goldberg a total loser! get some real talent or fold!
sarcasm dummy!
beautiful rally in albuquerque new mexico this evening thank you get out and vote! draintheswampwatch rally …
considering obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete if he wins he won’t have a mandate another 4 years of legislative stalemate
“christmas waves a magic wand over this world and behold everything is softer and more beautiful” norman vincent peale
sleepy chuck todd of nbc falls far short of the late great tim russert
thank you nh! we will end illegal immigration stop the drugs deport all criminal aliensampsave american lives! watc…
you got to love enjoyed his inspiring wordsall the way from down under!
the late great william f buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize the dying national review!
you are a machine success leaves clues makeamericagreatagain
i really wish kate would just shut it and let people talk and quit her side comments!!!
trump wins tea party groups nashville straw poll news max great thank you!
ted cruz is lying again polls are showing that i do beat hillary clinton head to head check out poll snd q poll
us senator bob corker rtenn issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election
id vote for way before id vote for hillary great!
the cheap 12 inch sq marble tiles behind speaker at un always bothered me i will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me
is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with i can beat him in golf even easier!
donald j trump my biggest inspirational in life thank you
majority in leading eu nations support trumpstyle travel ban poll of more than 10000 people in 10 countries
from multiple sources there was electronic surveillance of trump and people close to trump this is unprecedented
january 20th 2017 will be a victorious day in america mr trump if you run! for you will be sworn in as the 45th president!
i will once again write a $1 million check to our campaign if we hit our milliondollar endofmonth goal!
glad to find you thank you for your philanthropic work thank you!
you are an inspiration to us all if only you would run for president and sort all this shit out
please run for office this country needs ur leadership knowledge n passion also id love to be a part of ur team!
i hope geraldo wins
but thats what ive been saying very unfair treatment by the media!
be totally focused being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort
via donald trump planning skyscraper in moscow
dems are no longer talking daca! “out of sight out of mind” they say daca beneficiaries should not be happy nancy pelosi truly doesn’t care about them republicans stand ready to make a deal!
following donald is beautiful if its not beautiful its not donald so nice!
why didnt you just add be sure to tune in to nbc this fall for the apprentice? a very good point!
join me live in waukesha wisconsin for an 8 pm e rally! americafirst maga
vote for your favorite trump hotel collection hotels in travel leisure’s 2012 world’s best awards survey
usa is not rich owes 17 trillion dollars
donaldtrump mayweather is gonna win just like you gonna win presdidency 2016 you r both winners who deliver knockouts!
dennis—thank you for being honest somebody put words in your mouth and you wouldn’t take it great!
great work being done by w/state and local leaders to prepare for hurricane season preparedness is an investment in our future!
army training slide lists hillary clinton as insider threat
will be meeting on monday at trump tower with a large group of african american pastors many i knowwonderful people! not a press event
yesterday was a big day for the stock market jobs are coming back to america chrysler is coming back to the usa from mexico and many others will follow tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing american business is hot again!
i am attracting the biggest crowds by far and the best poll numbers also by far much of the media is totally dishonest so sad!
he promised to close gitmo in his first year it is still open 3 years later and about to get a cont
i agree this country needs a business mans sense and obama does not have it so true!
wanting to sell their product cars ac units etc back across the border this tax will make leaving financially difficult but
we are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the iran nuclear talks strengthen sanctions until great deal is made!
is doing a fantastic job for the republican partyhope he gets the credit he deserves
thank you windham new hampshire! trumppence16 maga
congratulations to on concluding the greatest olympic career ever you have made us all very proud
con ed has won its suit against the ground zero mosque developers the mosque is never going up
teamleeza will be following ur celebapprentice comments!
the failing news paper in nh just sent the trump organization a letter asking that we take ads how stupid how desperate!
we certainly don’t want intelligence interfering with politics and we don’t want politics interfe…
reverend wright must have great hatred for obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside
our southern border is under siege congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws must build a wall mexico which has a massive crime problem is doing little to help!
yeah gasoline prices are on their way down since trump started making threats and demands of opec and others
our great first lady is doing really well will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days thank you for so much love and support!
donald would be the right guy for the usa i agree
question if all of the russian meddling took place during the obama administration right up to january 20th why aren’t they the subject of the investigation? why didn’t obama do something about the meddling? why aren’t dem crimes under investigation? ask jeff sessions!
it was only after i informed nbc that i wouldnt do the apprentice that they became upset w/ me they couldn’t care less about “inclusion
very well said the united states needs people like you to show what truly leadership means! so true!
our was awesome as as bill belichick ron jaws donald trump and jerry jones must watch
rt major impact trump is 50 days in and moving swiftly to get america back on the right track maga
but while dallas dropped to it knees as a team they all stood up for our national anthem big progress being made we love our country!
congrats to winners from around the world who entered the think like a champion signed book/keychain contest!
great success in iowa today fantastic sold out crowd will be back soon!
donald trump for president!
it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 world series champion houston to the houstonstrong
i just got back from russialearned lots and lots moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! us must be very smart and very strategic
its old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated much of the island was destroyed with billions of dollars
my interview with discussing my endorsement of and how i came to my decision
the republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is and it will get even better at lunchtimethe dems scream death as ocare dies!
as a stockholder in apple they should get on with a larger screen iphone as a supplement—immediately
i watch your show every sat nite!! love you n show love too
i love you just for that tweet!
when will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding afghanistan? we must rebuild our country first
has anyone seen the financials of they are doing really badly too much debt and not enough viewers need money fast funny!
via donald trump in new video emin and family are wonderful people
if the dems crooked hillary got elected your stocks would be down 50 from values on election day now they have a great future and just beginning!
driving thru major world cities and seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! trump won in life
the chinese must still be laughing at kerry’s trip to china he got nothing gave them everything and promised even more
the missuniverse pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far!
spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
rapper song donald trump now has 57 million hits i created another star wheres my cut?
i have the cuff links!!!! they single handedly got me a job!!
i started to get very worried about mitts chances when i heard that arod donated to his campaign everything arod touches turns bad
tried watching lowrated this morning unwatchable! is off the wall a neurotic and not very bright mess!
are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 replay? big fan but tired of waiting stay tuned!
congrats to right to be suing over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of penn state
rt big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” among many other things “president trump reversed the poli…
wrongbuilt worlds best golf course that is doing great!
in the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish donald trump
true and true!
floridajust like tx we are w/you today we are w/you tomorrow and we will be w/you every single day after to restore recover and rebuild!
i did a great thing for scotland!
my kids never negatively discussed my criticism of president obama with me or anyoneits not in their nature!
thank you ohio! just landed in canton for a rally at the civic center join me at 7 pm
9 pm channel 70 cnn i will be watching trump tonight want to have a person in the white house that takes no bs
thanks craig
via by “in iowa trump promises to ‘surprise a lot of people’”
i just realized that if you listen to carly fiorina for more than ten minutes straight you develop a massive headache she has zero chance!
i am one of them fools the presidents heart in right place wrong he knowingly lied bad intentions!
is on a very triky and slippery path right nowthe right moves will lead to greatness the wrong moves to oblivion! guidance
ill be on with larry kudlow of the kudlow report tonight on cnbc at 7 pm well be discussing current affairs and politics tune in
trump2016 💯💯💯💯
my statement on nato being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive and unfair for the us are now finally receiving plaudits!
he was quick to issue an apology on behalf of america to karzai why wont he release the letter?
i will be having lunch at the white house today with republican senators concerning healthcare they must keep their promise to america!
will be interviewed on at 7 3o enjoy!
please make this happen !!!
to build a wind farm and destroy this view!
heading back to washington dc much will be accomplished this week on trade the military and security!
host of the 2017 us womens open trump bedminster has been rated one of americas best golf courses
democrats refused to take care of daca would have been so easy but they just didn’t care i had to fight for military and start of wall
and dopey karl rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible tpp deal
i believe in you to bring this country back to what it once was! mr trump for president! thanks dan!
take on seems to be a classic lovehate combo piers can be tough and everyone knows it celebapprentice
congress must pass a budget and hold obama to it no more continuing resolutions and no more excuses republicans soon hold both houses
congrats on being the greatest real investor of our time thank you!
hilary is trying to make jeb the republican candidate b/c she is afraid of the donald true!
just spotted trump tower in chicago what a presence the building gives to the city! props to thank you
trump2016 unofficial fight song via such hard work and imaginationthanks
a great compliment
i never went bankrupt you dope!
why arent we getting any oil from iraq before we leave? we are leaving the country wide open for iran big mistake
bill clinton wants to makeamericagreatagain
when strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency washington will say what were we doing
some really dumb blogger for failing a magazine whose ads are down almost 18 this year said i wear a hairpiece i dont!
on tuesday i visited with the incredible men and women of and border patrol in yuma az thank you we respect and cherish you!
great job on thank you for the very smart and kind words!
im pulling an all nighter in the library studying so i can hopefully do half as much as you one day great
i love this show been watching since it started years ago!👍
i hope the don throws his hat in the ring for potus he cant be bought! he said this country is going to hell
i have fun i love what i do you should too find out how at the national achievers conference this october in london
love you trump
for president 2016 we need to end the madness we need a leader like you in office!!! thank you
twitlonger betawhile is obsessed with green collar jobs blue collar workers arent buying it cont
rubio wants common core for education
dopey sugar the wind turbines are ruining the beauty and majesty of scotland
you are the kindest heart in all of usa you give so much to us and you forgive the haters and loosers!
enjoying the toronto property for my first time great service from shane and ali thank you
i hope republican senators will vote for grahamcassidy and fulfill their promise to repeal and replace obamacare money direct to states!
looking forward to the 2010 miss usa pageant sunday may 16 on nbc 7 pm et hosted by curtis stone natalie morales live from las vegas
now is telling how to control his own assets obama is consumed by class warfare
join me this wednesday in phoenix arizona at 6 pm ! imwithyoutickets
hitting at home democrat sen joe donnelly’s son had his healthcare plan dropped
thanks gary
just heard fake news cnn is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a way off disaster much higher ratings at fox
the terrorists cut off the heads of americans and laugh then want to sell us the bodies for $1000000 we fight over sleep deprivation!
rt such a surreal moment to vote for my father for president of the united states! make your voice heard and vote! election2…
the us will invite el chapo the mexican drug lord who just escaped prison to become a us citizen because our leaders cant say no!
i believe lance armstrong had death wish when he did interview w/oprah—as i predicted everybody is suing him he’ll have nothing left
stands in defense of college record donald j trump stands in
snowden is a traitor and a disgrace make no mistake he is no hero in fact he is a coward who should come back and face justice
good job on you really are an inspiration you need your own radio show! thank you
is the man!! huge inspiration thanks!
nyc politicians better stop panderingending stop and frisk would be a disaster
in his own words was born in kenya and raised in indonesia and hawaii this statement was made cont
a great story in the new york post really well written!
it is time for real change donal j trump 2016 obama youre fired thanks for the nice words!
remember get out on november 8th and vote trumppence16 it is time to draintheswamp this is our last chance!
via by trump inconceivable obama didnt know about isis threat
run run!!! 🙏🏻
sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war donald trump inspirational
shows how weak and desperate lyin ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly cant stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses
new york times apologizes to donald trumpa recent story in the new york times incorrectly stated that donald cont
best of luck to on his debut this sunday
now that the ineffective baltimore police have allowed the city to be destroyed are the us taxpayers expected to rebuild it again?
this is what you have done its called perseverance now persevere to the white house! trump2016 nice!
lifting off right now for uss wisconsin in norfolk see ya
tedfree legal advice on how to preempt the dems on citizen issue go to court now and seek declaratory judgmentyou will win!
gain and use information to your advantagesee every day as an opportunity to learn
donald please run for president! you need to show obama how a real man does it!
the charities i have designated for donations are police athletic leaguenew york march of dimes hurricane sandy victims
you are amazing! i loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a suicidal girl thank you my great honor!
you are amazing
rt doesnt fit the msm narrative so they wont share what did for jesse jackson in 1999 so i will! https /…
while i’m beating my opponents in the polls i’m also beating lobbyists special interests and donors that are supporting them with billions
amazing that ted cruz cant even get a senator like who is easy to endorse him not one senator is endorsing canada ted!
donald trump lifted snl to its best ratings since 2012 photo nbc
your most popular tweet answered why im holding off on a presidential bid trumpvlog
im looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at macys herald square 5 30 pm at the crystal department on 8
hi evelina
rogerstone was just banned by their loss! tough loyal guy
trumpvine weiner is a joke
dont believe the main stream fake news mediathe white house is running very well i inherited a mess and am in the process of fixing it
hagels performance yesterday was the worst i have ever seen before a committee of any kind!
could come back if graydon carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants
getting ready to land in charlottesville virginia at trump vineyards another job producing develo pm ent that i bought and made amazing!
u should be president
leaked emails of dnc show plans to destroy bernie sanders mock his heritage and much more online from wikileakes really vicious rigged
we need to be smart vigilant and tough we need the courts to give us back our rights we need the travel ban as an extra level of safety!
karl rove’s strategy and commercials were the worst i have ever seen
glad that is hitting on ending work requirements for welfare obama attacks the american work ethic
i had a great time doing press interviews with and earlier today
happy national medalofhonorday to our heroes we love you!
i will be the best by far in fighting terror i’m the only one that was right from the beginning and now lyin’ ted and others are copying me
thats truethey all ask!
rt ivanka penned an oped that ran in the this afternoon read it here https /…
national review online kristin daviss libertarian tough love
haters and losers say i wear a wig i dont say i went bankrupt i didnt say im worth $39 billion much more they know the truth!
doctors have already died treating ebola we should not be importing the disease to our homeland
way beyond!
yes and he will bring companies back to the us true
whether we are republican or democrat we must now focus on strengthening background checks!
trumpfan trumpforpresident
the way president obama runs down the stairs of air force 1 hopping and bobbing all the way is so inelegant and unpresidential do not fall!
rt thank you for believing in us like we believed in you! maga
join the movement to maga!
is up early putting ignorant people in their place
via by trump hires lewandowski as presidential run eyed fitn makeamericagreatagain
django unchained is the most racist movie i have ever seen it sucked!
get rid of gun free zones the four great marines who were just shot never had a chance they were highly trained but helpless without guns
rt trump celebrity apprentice season 5 is tough nasty smart watch
the only people who are not interested in being the vp pick are the people who have not been asked!
joining from waukesha wisconsin now live! enjoy!
rising premium costs from obamacare will cost businesses billions guess where these new costs get passed to – you
it seems there is never a problem for which cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax
whats obvious to you seems to elude most peoples vision
instead of trash talking on the world stage should be defending
there is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as potus trump2016
“obamacare data mismatch could leave thousands uninsured” obamacare is not working and has missed all targets
karl rove lost gop both houses of congress and the white housegave us obama
wow kaine couldnt go 12 seconds without a lie marines and military are scared of the liar running bengazi
many people have said i’m the world’s greatest writer of 140 character sentences
according to illegal immigrants favor dems pushing amnesty do they have death wish
its amazing how badly the knicks and nets are playing everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent too bad!
we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you! i agree!
mark my words a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer opec is ripping us off theres nobody in our cont
i read your books and i think america would do itself a favor to elect yod.c.resident thanks
my int with on my iowa speech 2016 and benghazi
we know who did the hoax of james gandolfini and obamacare be careful mister
obama should play golf with republicans and opponents rather than his small group of friends that way maybe the terrible gridlock would end
you would make an amazing president! thanks
you are blowing everyone else away not just ahead but doubling wow
goodmorning im going to work!
why isnt the arab league paying for everything and sending troops? they want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
as governor of texas rick perry could have done far more to secure the border but thats ok i like him anyway!
can and continue to coexist? find out on this sunday’s celebrity allstar
did someone say winewednesday? loved your winery in va brought a case back to pottstown pa! great!
obamacare is a complete disaster many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they cant afford it terrible
the failing quotes “a senior white house official” who doesn’t exist as saying “even if the meeting were reinstated holding it on june 12 would be impossible given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed” wrong again! use real people not phony sources
thank you for your investment in the uk mr trump thank you!
the media has not reported that the national debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in obama first mo
iowa was amazing last night the event could not have worked out better we raised $6000000 for our great vets they were so happy and proud
be sure to watch “the history of wrestlemania” on my interview explains how i supported the event early on im proud of it
offers multiple award winning dining options in our allnew signature restaurant and lounges
attacked she is an average talent who is out of touch with reality like odonnell a total loser!
here we go with the oscars!
thank you!! trump2016
obama once said he “would be ignoring the law” by granting amnesty through executive action now he’s about to do it what will congress do?
i have built so many great and complicated projects– creating tens of thousands of jobsvideo
donald trump teaches miss pennsylvania a million dollar lesson
looking forward to addressing road to majority conference on june 13th
damac properties looking forward to welcoming you to dubai! have a great trip! thank you!
i never thought id be saying this but ive really enjoyed on television lately and he was terrific hosting
biden spends $1 million annually for weekend trips
the great in my office with my son
u were great thanks carmine!
via palin trump get longer speaking slots at cpac by
pitiful windmills are horrendousthe people of scotland hate them!
rt fears of new terror attack after van mows down 20 people on london bridge
us consumer comfort just reached its highest level in a decade ➡️
the hillary love fest on cnn is ridiculous i feel bad for the other candidatesespecially the noncriminal ones
i just bought one of your shirts for a business tripqualitystyleampvalue from a name i trust
for hosting this special event for charities benefiting our brave men my honor!
great – we are sending even more f16’s to the muslim brotherhood in egypt this is a total disaster
patience is the greatest of all virtues cato
its going to be very tough because has the contacts with big money but leeza deserves it!
we need you you are the answer to this nations problems trump2016
jeb bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded iraqhe is so confusednot presidential material!
great decision by donald graham to sell ill now have to take my news week covers off the wall
distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments you need the foresight and instincts to know the propertys true potential
i never went bankrupt enemies love to say i did didnt happen
thank you for the nice comments recently especially on my family and i greatly appreciate your kind words
anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my twitter it is a total scam!
look at alum making you proud with celebapprentice great
donate today to help make america great again! you can help stop crooked hillary clinton!
i hear a failing new york news paper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers so original just one of many!
terrible for the economy and middle class gas has now been over $3/gallon for a record 1245 days frack now and fast!
how ironic that campaign would call me a charlatan have they looked at their bosss record?
best reality show on tv
malfeasance at fannie mae and freddie mac helped cause our current financial meltdown
a strong military makes us respected by our allies and feared by our enemies let’s make america great again!
in game 7 of the world series tonight the giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against kc even with two days rest
“trump to cpac build a great economy” via
??? held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the white house the winners were conveniently all cont
today it was my great honor to host a school safety roundtable at the with state and local leaders law enforcement officers and education officialsthere is nothing more important than protecting our children they deserve to be safe and we will deliver!
obamacare is a broken mess piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving america the great healthcare it deserves!
saw the trump building in vegas today beautiful! chicago is still my favorite!
who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace saying the most horrible things about me on
good luck to ric grenell our new ambassador to germany a great and talented guy he will represent our country well!
just left the building in nyc beautiful building and very professional thank you
i will be at the cadillac world golf championship in miami tomorrow! rory phil bubba adam and dustin all at the top!
i am reading that the great border wall will cost more than the government originally thought but i have not gotten involved in the
playing golf with prime minister abe and hideki matsuyama two wonderful people!
if youre interested in balancing work and pleasure stop! instead make your work more pleasurable
why is the nfl getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our anthem flag and country? change tax law!
“learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day” – trump how to get rich
you cant make a bad deal good
yesterday i signed the interdictact hr 2142 with bipartisan members of congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country together we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the united states!
thank you for raising awareness on her plight!! my honor
develop your gut instincts and act on them you will have your biggest successes when you go with your gutbut be very smart and careful
mexican criminals coming into usa? yes did trump say we need to stop them? yes did he say mexicans are good? yes racism? no
couldnt agree more! “ seth meyers just set the emmys back 30 years! terrible
brings great entertainment to celebrityapprentice
the carter family thanksgiving will be a bit happier as obama officially becomes the worst president in history
i hear the billions calling my name youll be hearing about me in a few years waterturbinetopower great!
they must actually like me!
the sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their bad coverage of me i wonder if it will change doubt it?
dennis rodman was either drunk or on drugs delusional when he said i wanted to go to north korea with him glad i fired him on apprentice!
during the gop convention cnn cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence they don’t want them heard
thank you to everyone at hq for today’s briefing on preparations for the upcoming hurricane season disaster response and recovery is best achieved when it’s federally supported state managed and locally executed – this is the successful model we will continue to build
i cannot stop yawningtwitter is more interesting demdebate
congratulations secretary mattis!
dt do you think kids are overmedicated and over diagnosed in the usa? yes!
or at least give it back in oil
if obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically environmentally and aesthetically
dopey critic fails to mention the ugly sun times sign
the people of alabama will do the right thing doug jones is proabortion weak on crime military and illegal immigration bad for gun owners and veterans and against the wall jones is a pelosi/schumer puppet roy moore will always vote with us vote roy moore!
on at 7 00 pm special meet the trumps hope you enjoy!
id vote for mrtrump every time
donald trump summed up in one wordtrailblazer !!! thanks
the only problem i have with mitch mcconnell is that after hearing repeal and replace for 7 years he failed!that should never have happened!
we need a real leader we need trump thanks
i am the only one who can fix this very sad will not happen under my watch! makeamericagreatagain
new virginia poll thank you! we are going to show the whole world that america is back – bigger and better and s…
via “donald trump starts £250million overhaul on golf resort”
winner of the 5 star diamond award two courses grace over 600 acres on the potomac river
global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked
my 17th bday is tomorrow d plzzzz will u retweet me happy bday!
unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973 much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing regulations!
the marchforlife is so important to all of you marching you have my full support!
graydon carter whose reign over failing has been a disaster has acted in two moviesboth bombed and got bad reviews
youth unemployment is at a record high obamacare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers it must be repealed
the democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the fiscal cliff they will raise taxes and blame it on the republicans
she was great!
dont forget to watch larry king tonight cnn at 9 pm hes a television legend and a great friend its going to be a fantastic farewell
tucson killer loughner should be given the death penalty not his plea bargained life in prisonwhich will cost cont
all your towers are breathtakingproud of your charisma and versatility thanks
and many others drop to your knees sugar and say thank you mr trump
word is that crooked hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in pennsylvania perhaps it is because her husband signed nafta?
and you so much for the wonderful compliment working hard! maga
the uk is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies good news killing country
entrepreneurs see yourself as victorious look at the solution not the problem be tough be strong be tenacious
great meeting with the committee this morning at the
americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased must do the right thing stand strong and defund!
the coca cola company is not happy with methats okay ill still keep drinking that garbage
if youre going through hell keep going winston churchill
the chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this postsaddam oil boom in iraq
rt so proud of our great military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the fines…
if donald trump ran for president i would vote for him in a heartbeat
dont believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight rubio and the r establishment dishonest people!
wishing trump was the pres
mr trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in chicago you own a grand building sir! thank
great job rory you have the heart and talent of a great champion work hard and win many more! see you at turnberry
with the run on our dollar about to take place commodity prices will rise gold silver and timber will spike also certain real estate
thanks for helping promote and make trump international golf links scotland so successfulyou stupid fool!
join me in naples florida this evening at 6 00 pm ! tickets
what an amazing course got to get yourself there to play breathtaking
if you dont win im moving to europe we will all win together!
i am praying sir u wil b president in 2016end the scam of foreign aidmake other countries pay for helpyou inspire
a real loser named tim obrienand its never recovered
starting to follow the donald has been one of my better decisions lately thats great!
the endorsement of me by the 16500 border patrol agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate nice!
lol is seriously the man run for president please our next president must be great thats me thanks
a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him general douglas macarthur
by obama mentioning manhattan yesterday in his response he has singlehandedly made it target 1 how totally stupid is this guy?
russia took crimea during the socalled obama years who wouldnt know this and why does obama get a free pass?
damn right just bought one lookin fresh! great!
i took a failed club in dutchess county and made it a great success plus many jobs should be thankful
yes apprentice is better but world needs to see you on shark tank!!!
great meeting with today talked about prison reform and sentencing
is my favourite person on twitterthank youmy honor!
cant stop watching interviews and documentaries of the man is a legend thank you so nice!
yesi will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming monday
when i come home from work my twitter page is filled with donald trump tweetslove reading themso bold and truthful
a great honor to host pm paolo gentiloni of italy at the white house this afternoon! icymi joint press conference…
thank you pueblo colorado! trumprally americafirst
we need trump in 16 to fix this mess the community activist has created
fantastic!
today’s assignment read chapter three of think big “basic instincts” focus on my acquisition of 40 wall street
rt join my family in this incredible movement to makeamericagreatagain!! now it is up to you! please vote for america! https …
its about time!
last thing the make america great again agenda needs is a liberal democrat in senate where we have so little margin for victory already the pelosi/schumer puppet jones would vote against us 100 of the time he’s bad on crime life border vets guns and military vote roy moore!
remember tonights 8 o’clock episode of celebrity apprentice is the best ever—you will see nothing like it on tv
i told you! premiums are soaring! repealobamacare trump2016
trump 2016! we need you in office
despite all of chinas cheating they are not doing that wellwe can beat themour country has great potential!
best wishes to prime minister and all of the people of israel on the 70th anniversary of your great independence we have no better friends anywhere looking forward to moving our embassy to jerusalem next month!
it is a great victory for nyc that arod will never wear pinstripes again
i predicted the 9/11 attack on america in my book the america we deserve and the collapse of iraq in
u wouldnt leave americans alone the way o has i anxiously await your decision!
twitlonger betalook heres the deal has been a total disaster he has spent this country into the ground and cont
there isnt anything donald trump says that i dont agree with go trump!
the fed’s pumping is great news in the short term but it can’t last forever be prudent in your market investing
so disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed linebacker edwin jackson this is just one of many such preventable tragedies we must get the dems to get tough on the border and with illegal immigration fast!
great win last night by peyton manning and in san diego coming from 24 points behind on the road very impressive
is actually right for once biden voters should blame obama not bush for economy
ff because hes a genius and always right enough said
couldnt be happier! now celebrityapprentice is without a doubt the best show on tv! glad you are happy!
if i was an american im sure i would vote for for president
i will be going to indiana on thursday to make a major announcement concerning carrier ac staying in indianapolis great deal for workers!
thank you for your interest and support during last nights gopdebate! iacaucus finder
my hero and americas hero! thank you
crazy maureen dowd the wacky columnist for the failing pretends she knows me wellwrong!
i have a judge in the trump university civil case gonzalo curiel san diego who is very unfair an obama pick totally biasedhates trump
while is slashing the military he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the talibanwho facilitated 9/11
joined and was asked about his thoughts on trump2016 thanks kevinso nice!
druggie arod biggest fraud is lucky george steinbrenner is no longer with us would have voided his contract
do you like the make a wish foundation? yes!
gold star father ceejay metcalf whose great son michael was just honored at the white house was fantastic this morning on he is a special man!
rt we the people want mr trump… rt cnn hbo
totally wrong dopey
i like the donald an american hero
governor alejandro garcía padilla said presidential hopeful sen marco rubio “is no friend of puerto rico
rt today hosted fieldday at the with the announced president’s council on sports fitness and nutrition…
on stunning aberdeenshire coastline features a classic scottish link threaded through the dunes
if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president
via “donald trump to speak at the iowa freedom summit in des moines on january 24th”
should have at least been nominated for an oscar in home alone 2 i agree!
thank you omarosa for your service! i wish you continued success
great line from “i am an angel in an earth suit” do you agree? celebapprentice
great job tonight on tony i am with you all the way! make america great again
a gallon of gas is $3523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year the policy realized!
the only strong leader that the republicans have at the moment is donald trump
via “donald trump to speak at the family leadership summit” get tix
very good joel!
a test tweet me the reason was fired from other than his bad ratings
thank you illinois! lets not forget to get family and friends out to vote in 2016!
my god! why cant the gop see that trump is doing this solely 4 r country! he had a very comfortable life!
congratulations to who has now lost a statewide election in florida as a republican independent and democrat
just played blue monster today first group off at 8am great course!!! phenomenal service!!!
the residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners buy now if you can!
begged me to do an event while asking organizers for $100000 for himself—a bad guy!
“the four page memo released friday reports the disturbing fact about how the fbi and fisa appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermaththe fbi failed to inform the fisa court that the clinton campaign had funded the dossierthe fbi became
stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive jobs outlook looking very good! maga🇺🇸
envision it donaldtrump is prez sends ppl 2 mars by and ppl drive his electric cars trump2016
beautiful evening in kinston north carolina thank you! get out and vote!! you can watch tonights rally here …
“confidence is contagious so is lack of confidence” vince lombardi
now is the time to buy a house if you can directly from a bank they want to get rid of all their foreclosures
hey is hosting golf classic on 5/19 benefiting rusty will have a great day!
the voter violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting votergrade of f and told them to clear it up by voting for cruz fraud
to all supporters make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can gotv on election day
donaldtrump via by jeffrey lord “donald trump was right on ebola” the donald is always right!
north korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor china by shooting off yet another ballistic missilebut china is trying hard!
join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the uss gerald r ford!➡️ usa
donald trump shocked by stupid decision about on
the record 13th season of ‘all star’ features the return of the beautiful the fans love her!
watching home alone 2 on amc first time in decadesdidnt realize was in it i was!
the democrats lead by head clown chuck schumer know how bad obamacare is and what a mess they are in instead of working to fix it they
i will be interviewed on at 7 30 things are looking good had a great easterlook forward to spending the week in wisconsin!
piers truly hates omarosa!
today melania and i were honored to welcome prime minister and mrs turnbull of australia to the conference
how can general martin dempsey tell obama that delaying the syria bombardment will have no consequences? he is no patton or macarthur
the man made climate change that our great president should be focused on is of the nuclear variety brought upon us because of weakness!
frank “fx” giaccioon behalf of melania and myself thank you for doing a great job this morning! gives you an a!
why dont you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old trump haters boring!
im working real hard mr trump getting you votes in boston/rhode island area! ibelieve makeamericagreatagain trump2016
flashback july 14 “trump bergdahl swap another mistake by gang that couldnt shoot straight”
our clubhouse facility and suites in ireland trumpireland
19 firefighters killed in arizona terrible tragedy!
you would definately have my vote!
pharma is a leader in higher and higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the us bring jobs back and lower prices!
did you choose me as one of the 10 most fascinating people of the year last season and more than once?
thousands of fans have been sending letters to trump tower in anticipation of really good show
trump is the candidate in 2016 strong leaderwho is opinionated and fearless need to vote trump2016
rt great news from ireland”clare county council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel so smart!
excited to see “elevated fine dining” explored by
watching your cspan special from the other day i cant get enough of it!!!!!!! thank you!
iraq buying $200000000 worth of weapons from iran despite so many killed and trillions spent iraq dumps us i told you so long ago!
rt trump always ends up being right its almost a little freaky
without passion you dont have energywithout energy you have nothing donald trump
it would be to cool if was the president thanks!
watching gates on looks like he got hit by a truck! why didnt obama get him and othersto sign a confidentiality agreement?
trump tees up another hole in one in scotland
rt ivanka is joining to outline an innovative new child care policy to support american families tune in to…
the republicans are funding obamacare and amnesty obama beats them
“it takes guts to win fortunately most people don’t have guts! donald j trump
all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump
i will not be attending the white house correspondents association dinner this year please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
hi nick
ill volunteer to help your campaign in fl thanks
✈️ washington dc ➡️ nyc 🗽
honored to welcome georgia prime minister giorgi kvirikashvili to the today with mike pence…
today marks the one year anniversary of passing andrew’s mission and legacy still lives on
thank you to teachers across america! when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now
for president 2016!!
great to have our incredible first lady back home in the white house melania is feeling and doing really well thank you for all of your prayers and best wishes!
guys should have won i dont disagree but executives picked!
boasting and 5 star ratings features a superb menu
“ ‘trump estates dubai unlike anything else in the region’” via by musaid alzayani
i pray that one day my country will wake up and see that you are the leader we need please run in 2016
we should not bail out any of the european countries or banks
quick visit to best golf course in merica when is ur next visit back to dc? great!
are you considering running mr trump? yes!
isnt it refreshing?! theres hope keep up the good work
jack nicklaus ii gave the best tribute to a parent i have ever heard at yesterday’s congressional gold medal ceremony honoring
home values have sunk a record 15 under obama
be passionate about your work focus and never give up
make the announcement june 14th !
i look forward to being in south carolina tomorrow a total sellout crowd!
mitt romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at liberty university with a wonderful introduction by mark demoss well done
we look forward to being with you a truly great champion tomorrow at trump national dc for the tennis center dedication
the dishonest media is fawning over the democratic convention i wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than crooked h?
i love celebrity apprentice the storylines are much better than nfl playoff football
congratulations on your great winwhat a captain what a champion!
i will be watching the great governor and live tweeting the vp debate tonight starting at 8 30 pm est! enjoy!
thankslets see what happens
big progress being made in ridding our country of ms13 gang members and gang members in general make america safe again!
what do you say to the family of kathryn steinle in ca who was viciously killed b/c we cant secure our border? stand up for us
thank you new mexico! trump2016
“build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points” knute rockne
youre my idol thanks
thats because i know himhes a lowlife!
just released a book called unprecedented which explores the 2016 race and victory hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
rt democrat fire marshal turns thousands of trump supporters away at columbus rally via
set the bar highdo the best you possibly can be focused disciplined and alert every single day
thank you! trump2016 wiprimary
makeamericagreatagain gopdebate
has become a sad case his magazine is failing badly probably doesnt have long to go and his predictions are always wrong!
its about to go down! buckle up! celebapprentice
totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended
the debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus our great supporters gave us the win!
hearing yod.c. great way to start the week! country needs true leadershiphope to see your name on the ballot!!
okay i think i’m going to do it—i’ll open the miss universe pageant as santa tonight at 8 pm on
we must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in puerto rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster
in this time of economic turmoil where millions of americans are unemployed our tax dollars are paying big salary!
did you help? yes!
in todays all new trumpvlog i discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the wwe hall of fame
what about all of the contact with the clinton campaign and the russians? also is it true that the dnc would not let the fbi in to look?
ill be watching it cant wait until you become our president trump
get it straight pakistan is not our friend when our tremendous navy seals took out osama bin laden they did… cont
great job today by the nypd in protecting the people and saving the climber
obama hasnt released a budget in over 2 years and for the 1st time house and senate delivered budgets before him
rt report accuses material james comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information
wow town hall questions were given to crooked hillary clinton in advance of big debates against bernie sanders hillary and cnn fraud!
if the us does not win this case as it so obviously should we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled politics!
a true honor to receive the endorsement of john waynes daughterread
todays job report is dismal now a record 88921000 americans are no longer in the work force
syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our talk they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locationsamazing!
with ben carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer stab a friend and pyramids built for grain storage dont people get it?
then donald will be ok being stopped and frisked 3 times a week making you late ok with me!
“trump i created tens of thousands of jobs” via by
listen to glenn beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense same with the view
its not enough that we do our best sometimes we have to do whats required winston churchill
best piece of advice u would give to a young businessman? work really hard and smart!
im not even a bills fan and i know they belong here! devout fans trump owned buffalove4life
it is my great honor to send $25000 to sgt andrew tahmooressi marinefreed
david wright of the ny mets should have been on the 1st team all stars hes having a great year
“ is a bit toxic” per being a bit pc? celebapprentice
young entrepreneurs – in an economic climate like this only the strong survive you can do it think big!
please send info to 725 fifth ave ny 10022 thanks
a very big poll is coming out at 6 pm in new hampshire will be very interested in the results
only man qualified to be president in 2016 is thank youi guarantee that the usa will be respected again!
melania will be interviewed by on now 8 30 am enjoy!
i am asking the chairs of the house and senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with nbc prior to me seeing it
great story about our conversion of the old post office building in dc to luxury hotel
nothing like the delusions of a moron just what america needs very nice thank you!
rosie and obama have something in common both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with trump trump2016
we need in office guide this country back to its roots!!
how many times does to cry?
our hearts and prayers go out to the people of london who suffered a vicious terrorist attack
my interview discussing pick of how to frame medicare debate and convention
is so short off the tee he cant have much of a punch hes just a weak man with a big mouth!
dangerous while obama is cutting down our military china has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers
or ireland?
trumpvine where is the money
cnn new gop polls show trumps favorability is up
thank you new hampshire! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
good seeing you keep up the great work never stop!
wacky and totally unhinged tom steyer who has been fighting me and my make america great again agenda from beginning never wins elections!
hey you are so cool and im voting for you in 2016 very nice!
i have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures they always thank me after they succeed midastouch
thank you to the amazing indianapolis metropolitan police department and all law enforcement officers for all you do 24/7/365! lesm
i cant wait!!!
with all of the illegal acts that took place in the clinton campaign and obama administration there was never a special counsel appointed!
keep going mr trump america needs you
i just hope both last well half way into season w/lots of drama!
hey had a spectacular round drove the green on 7 awesome track! great views! thanks
no member of congress should be eligible for reelection if our countrys budget is not balanceddeficits not allowed!
remarks at the united states holocaust memorial museums national days of remembrance full remarks …
by “ny post caught lying again!” the donald” should go far actually if i run ill win
and i think should run for president make it happen sir
gotrump gop votetrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016
youre really the best trump!
re negotiation realize that persistence can go a long way being stubborn is often an attribute
do you think bush jr was a good president? no not even close!
dick clark was a friend of mine he lived in one of my buildings on east 61st street everybody loved him he will be missed
despite the establishment and the media’s best efforts the people are speaking loudly and clearly thank you to my amazing supporters!
great to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border the dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked if stalemate continues republicans should go to 51 nuclear option and vote on real long term budget no cr’s!
an extremely credible source has called my office and told me that bought his house with the help of tony rezko
i told rex tillerson our wonderful secretary of state that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with little rocket man
entrepreneurs vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good
great win by the yesterday if they run the table they will make the playoffs
karl rove is a joke owned by the bush family
i will be live tweeting!
i will be going to sarasota florida today for a big rally with amazing people! i have one goal on mind make america great again!
you are very nice thank you
sometimes understanding other peoples problems is the key to finding opportunities midas touch w/
i love the sign! please lets make a hashtag that seems like it solves all world problems
please do run!! we need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current president has caused us!!
ummmi like the sound of president trump!?!?! thank you!
a few billion more dollars but id rather say president trump than president gates!
in light of newtown our country has to pull together
a new poll indicates that 68 of my supporters would vote for me if i departed the gop and ran as an independent
i am a registered republican with as the nominee we can defeat
re ashley judd keep away he already made her a viable candidate
while i wont be running for governor of new york state a race i would have won i have much bigger plans in mind stay tuned will happen!
you should be our next president this country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012!true
if you ran for president you have my vote get this economy back on track!
thanks joe
donald trump i have created tens of thousands of jobs
i am in kansas will be an exciting day big speech this morning in wichita and then go to caucus sorry cpac the format was fine!
wow! senator mark warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a russian oligarch warner did not want a “paper trail” on a “private” meeting in london he requested with steele of fraudulent dossier fame all tied into crooked hillary
iranian pastor nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the mullahs because he is a christian cont
at your request i will be doing live tweeting during tonight’s celebapprentice i cant wait!
i watched mark cuban on jay leno last night what a jerk!
tomorrows the day! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action! trumptrain maga…
delusional claims that his economic plan worked is the 16 real unemployment part of the plan?
you never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor its important to never give up on yourself think like a champion
new poll states that a record number of americans have lost all faith in president obama duh!
wearing a trump tie doesnt make yod.c.mart a businessman as trump but it does make you look smart
via by sues for violating 1st amendment
honest omarosa she wont backstabshell come at you from the front
billions of dollars spent on baltimore and its still a total mess leadership is needed not dollars our whole country is going to hell!
thank you police force for your efforts of protecting donald trump we love you for this god bless you!!!
an honor to welcome the taoiseach of ireland to the today with pence 🇺🇸🇮🇪
congratulations to for winning november in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows
i am signing copies of my book crippled america order yours nowmakes a great holiday gift! …
via by “trump ‘i would build a border fence like you have never seen before’”
the only job cares about is his own everything he does is for his own reelection
when james clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end?
does anybody really believe that bill clinton and the usag talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac?
ate the best steak of my life at your trump hotel in waikiki hawaii tremendous service and menu! mahalo!
you have my vote! ★★★★★ thanks
this is my last election after my election i have more flexibility obama to discussing our nuclear arsenal
in addition to winning the electoral college in a landslide i won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
great go get em!
i wish i had your confidence! win win win and you will develop great confidence!
if you want to kill any idea in the world get a committee working on it charles kettering
any american who fights w/ isis in iraq or syria should have their passport revoked if they try to come back in send them to gitmo
i look forward to my press conference scotland this wednesdaylots of great people attending
tower in chicago is beautiful the name is the only sign of success theyve had in years jealousy for sure!
i will take care of the veterans who have served this country so bravely thankavet video
arod should do the yankees a favor and never play again
whether we like it or not oil is the axis on which the worlds economies spin it just is when the price o… cont
rt please watch today at 7 30 am to watch me discuss
when somebody challenges you fight back be brutal be tough–donald trump true!
sadly i was forced to cancel the summit meeting in singapore with kim jung un
these poor guys were proven innocent! oh really werent these poor guys mugging other people in park?
via by katie mchugh poll donald trump leads the pack as gop frontrunner
wow wow wow!!!!! your mother was a stunning drop dead gorgeous woman just like 😘 true!
if retweeted me id prob cry your tweets make my day dont cry!
crookedhillary sending us intelligence info to podesta’s hacked email is ‘unquestionably an opsec violation’
“donald trump congratulated on for receiving the ‘liberty award’” via
very kind thanks
has been amazing we will win and establish strong borders we will build a wall and mexico will pay we will be great again!
the opening of the villa at trumpdoral
it is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone mr trump you have my vote!
the results are in i killed wolf blitzer in our debate i like wolf but he went for an ambush! wolfblitzercnn
while the republicans and democrats in congress are working hard to come up with a solution to daca they should be strongly considering a system of merit based immigration so that we will have the people ready willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the usa!
donald you keep saying you could fix this country! that would be great then run!!!
i hope the republicans are happy just as i predicted that stupid deal they voted for only whetted obama’s appetite for more taxes
this will be a big week for infrastructure after so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the middle east it is now time to start investing in our country!
last nights s interview by of gorgeous 2012 great job!
the lesson evangelicals can learn from donaldtrumpforpresident
thank you for your fantastic review of the blue monster at trump national doral best us resort renovation and all time
my interview on discussing the convention sealed records and real estate advice
we love the trump chicago great place to live and visit thank you
saw on a video in history yesterday made my day smartestmanalive thanks very nice
will you be at the yankee game tomorrow? yes!
as long as youre going to be thinking anyway think big donald trump
thank you to the great nypd first responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible west side attack so professionally!
rt we are heading to virginia looking forward to supporting my friend he will make a great governor for the co…
department of justice should have urged the supreme court to at least hear the drivers license case on illegal immigrants in arizona i agree with should have sought review
reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated we so need you mr trump! make america great again
why is douglas durst allowed to use the world trade center to get out of a lease with conde nast?
when everything seems to be going against you remember that the airplane takes off against the wind not with it henry ford
if you are planning to visit the world famous trump tower atrium be sure to come early during the holiday season it is packed by 10am
a great day at the white house!
thank you for saying i was a winner tonight it is my great honor trump2016
“donald trump on ‘cliff’ ‘other countries are eating our lunch’” via
via by “donald trump buys fourtime british golf course”
was fantastic tonight will be a great vp
congratulations to two great and hardworking guys corey lewandowski and david bossie on the success of their just out book “let trump be trump” finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign!
looking forward to seeing joshua holt this evening in the white house the great people of utah are celebrating!
tbt trump and gekko
just heard a 25 year old man say i would rather work for donald trump than bernie sandersits time for me to leave this party
amen! run mr trump! i will vote for you!
you didnt build an empire on hope you built it on hard work and dedication balancing budgets and making profits run sir !
thankswork hard every day!
amazingboth transformers and dark knight rises featured trump properties and each grossed over $1b just coincidence
i totaly won the rjc meeting yesterday know many members who said not even close only full standing o but dont want $s
thats why after your interview i couldnt watch the panel discussion which is usually my favorite segment
must be nice to be above it all and have no real life concerns please enjoy yourself while we worryi wish
american league wins!
we need you in the white house donald somebodys gotta get this country back on track! trump2016
i remember many years ago i hated because the media told me to i now know hes a true american thanks
typical press secretary deflects any criticism of obamas constant celebrity visits by attacking me my great honor
i just voted for in indiana everyone i talk to was following suit! fantastic!
priorities wants to slash a trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of cont
makeamericagreatagain nyprimary
russell moore is truly a terrible representative of evangelicals and all of the good they stand for a nasty guy with no heart!
youre a genius! thank you you are so correct!
wow so far everyone running for office who i did a robocall for has taken the lead in the polls the smart pols know this great!
lyin ted cruz cant win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bossesi am millions of votes ahead! hillary would destroy him and k
in analyzing the alabama primary race fake news always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after election!
we are with you florida!emergency information 18003423557 1800flhelp1
just tried watching saturday night live unwatchable! totally biased not funny and the baldwin impersonation just cant get any worse sad
you were born stupid!
one positive from last week for lance was that everyone was focused on manti teo! why did lance do that interview?
“being true to yourself…will give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way” – midas touch
anne hathaway is a good winner!
impressive just as trumps would be as first family i hope your dad runs 4 prez we need him
i have been since you started running and i noticed meghan kellys attacks stopped watching only hannity 4 sure yes!
trump 2016 all for it
my cousin working with j nicklaus to make ferry point one of the best golf courses! will be great! true!
we should have taken the oil in iraq and now our mortal enemies have got it and with no opposition really dumb us pols! im so angry!
does everyone see that the democrats and president obama are now because of me starting to deport people who are here illegally politics!
my money is on kenya getting fired first
receiving the trophy for best new golf course in the world trump international golf links scotland
crooked hillary will never be able to solve the problems of poverty education and safety within the africanamerican and hispanic communities
the republican platform is most proisrael of all time!
pocahontas bombed last night! sad to watch
just out but lightly reported fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm us job market lowest since march 1973
hopefully there wont be any problems in baltimore tonight be calm be cooldo not let anybody get hurtthere is just too much to live for!
today it was my great honor to deliver the 2018 commencement address at the united states in annapolis maryland congratulations!good luck godspeed and anchors aweigh!
wonderful gesture to lil jon best celeb apprentice yet! thanks for a great show mr trump! thanks
donaldtrump just imagine being sworn in jan 17 and as you bring your right hand down point at barack and say youre fired!
not only do you have a great name youd win and do a great job hug for me
rt presidentelect trump announces selections for attorney general national security advisor cia director more here ht…
congratulations to republican debbie lesko on her big win in the special election for arizona house seat debbie will do a great job! press is so silent
i am on now!
pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that bin laden was living in abbottabad they were sheltering him
pageant people are really talking about venezuela brazil mexico usa india australia
sorry the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost also fragrance is amazing go to macys
i’ve always defended but he never defends me hes not a loyal person and i now understand why everybody dumped him jay sucks!
complete is good
great speech by my good friend he did something you wont hear at conventiontell the truth
—i know you’re watching what did you think of your impersonator?
unbelievably james comey states that polls where crooked hillary was leading were a factor in the handling stupidly of the clinton email probe in other words he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win and he wanted a job slimeball!
you the man! you can never be too young to be a fan of you! donaldtrumprocks thanks
the inspector generals report on crooked hillary clinton is a disaster such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the wh
thank you together we will makeamericagreatagain!
support coach kennedy and his right together with his young players to pray on the football field liberty institute just suspended him!
it begins republican party of virginia controlled by the rnc is working hard to disallow independent unaffiliated and new voters bad!
today proves what i have always known that priebus is the tough one and the smart one not debbie wasserman shultz
why do you hate africa so much? i donttremendous potential!
“tea talk highlights from monday convention speech from donald trump” via by
dont forget the miss usa pageant live on sunday night at 9 pm et on nbc and you can vote for your favorite beauty!
thank you for all of your support! lets makeamericagreatagain! trump2016
we need you to save our country! runforprez
we need you in the white house trump! thank you!
mitt romney didnt even know he was running for potus so true!
glad to hear supports my offer to obama as sean says “it is an easy $5 million to charity what does obama have to lose?”
played the trump international golf club in palm beach last weekend one of the best golf courses in the country perfect weather
these are something i just cant buy excited for the
the death tax should be abolished the government is simply taxing you twice it is also a job killer
show me someone without an ego and ill show you a loser how to get rich
nothing on emails nothing on the corrupt clinton foundation and nothing on benghazi debates2016 debatenight
standing by all the way to the white house!
had a very good debate far better than rand paul
crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i dont have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies have done
much bigger win than anticipated in arizona thank you i will never forget!
icymi trump2016 closing speech inbuffalo new york! votetrumpny
the most overrated anchor at worked hard to explain away the new monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead she said 15!
after many years of failurecountries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by north korea we must be tough and decisive!
thanks coming up soon march 3rd
don’t misrepresent in order to make a point i was always tough on isisas you’ll find out after i get elected
the must cut spending not raise taxes washington has a spending problem not a revenue problem
congrats on revealing that obama knew millions of americans would lose their healthcare plans
i would feel sorry for and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of $s of hit ads on me
attorney client privilege is now a thing of the past i have many too many! lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices and even homes are going to be raided with everything including their phones and computers taken all lawyers are deflated and concerned!
truebut keep up the good work!
certainly has been an interesting 24 hours!
a top clinton foundation official said he could name “500 different examples” of conflicts of interest
maybe you will be debating hillary! maybe!
with the two wacko pervertsspitzer and weinernyc politics has become a joke all over the world
first minister of scotland released bomber of pan am flight 103 on compassionate grounds do you believe?
please help us achieve our goal and share the link thank you!
rt fox news with hannitys help regains its ratings dominance by peter barry chowka at the hagmann report
always pretend that youre working for yourself youll do a wonderful job its simple but it works think like a billionaire
i am very proud of for her work with is a great cause helping children
many people agree
is hiding plenty of bad things
i want to end the day by saying there is no check i would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our president
donald out of all the resorts you own which do you consider the best? id better not say!
the donalds going to be saying youre hired to lots of people in the district! true!
bernies exhausted he just wants to shut down and go home to bed!
totally unauthorized do not pay i am self funding my campaign! notice has just been withdrawn trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
and are my favorite people on tv celebapprentice thanks
lance armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to oprah i’ll bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again
awesome howard stern interview!
it was just determined that the woman who passed out at obama’s press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be!
wow the alis just nominated my purchase of doral in miami as transaction of the year—thanks!
has zero chance of getting the nomination whoever said i wanted to meet him? time is money and i dont waste mine
via by “obama administration quietly prepares ‘surge of millions’ of new immigrant ids”
this planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome in charge! donaldforpresident
masterpiece chicago
something really bad happened to the psychemuch like our president!
great way to start monday today d tellin it like it is we need somebody in office likeum you?
i believe putin will continue to rebuild the russian empire he has zero respect for obama or the us!
olympic gold medalist evan lysacek just left my office he is in town and wanted to meet mehes a fanastic guy and a true champion
give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016 thank you very nice
thank you very nice
thank you america! makeamericagreatagain
you are so wise!! i cant wait until youre president!! ❤️🎉😍 trumpwinfree2016
congrats on running! you tell it like it iswhich is rare
when will president obama issue the words radical islamic terrorism? he cant say it and unless he will the problem will not be solved!
treat our farmers much better highly restrictive mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the us they have not done what needs to be done millions of people addicted and dying
thank you for supporting the wwe back in the early days and now cant wait to see you inducted
what they are saying about great debate and bad performance…
was in home alone 2
in donald we trust thanks!
is exactly what we need he says what the others are too afraid to say! im for him 110 thanks
steven tyler got more publicity on his song request than he’s gotten in ten years good for him!
arod has disgraced the blessed organization lied to the fans and embarrassed nyc he does not deserve to wear the pinstripes
good news about the release of the american hostage from venezuela should be landing in dc this evening and be in the white house with his family at about 7 00 pm the great people of utah will be very happy!
good ideaenjoy!
what do you say donald? run for president???
you need to go on to bash jay leno howard hates him too howard is right on lenojay is over
im on the trumptrain2016
rt 100 days ago a new message leader and movement took the oval office! a government for the people by the people this is…
thank you james freeman of the for the very nice words all polls said i won the debate except nbc 3rd explain to daniel henninger!
at the request of many and even though i expect it to be a very boring two hours i will be covering the democrat debate live on twitter!
you rock and i 💗u!
wishing a happy fathers day to all the dads out there you are a champion today and everyday!
geraldo and sig are a disaster on this boat tour
rt on harvey recovery we hope when it comes to basic hurricane harvey funding that we can rely upon a nonpartis…
i use social media not because i like to but because it is the only way to fight a very dishonest and unfair “press” now often referred to as fake news media phony and nonexistent “sources” are being used more often than ever many stories and reports a pure fiction!
you have increased discretionary spending by 25 annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt tea
the property and course look spectacular! trumpworthy thank you!
nice interview in the atlantic of sarasota gop chair joe gruters on my 2012 statesman of the year award
after all of these years of suffering thru obamacare republican senators must come through as they have promised!
confidence that president al sisi will handle situation properly
the san fran crash was totally the pilots fault may be too late for drug testing ridiculous!
i miss us 😢 danny i miss you tooooo!
no wonder why is ahead in the presidential polls people are tired of the same old crap from washington!
will be in nashville tennessee tomorrow saturday at 2 30 pm so much to talk about see you there!
how stressed are and already? celebapprentice
long he doesnt know how to win anymore just look at the mess our country is in bogged down in conflict all over the place our hero
i love that idea!
votetrump supertuesday✅florida✅illinois✅missouri✅north carolina✅ohio trumptrain
i guess they have lance armstrong cold brutal report a waste of taxpayer money to take down an american hero
thank you to eli lake of the bloomberg view the nsa and fbishould not interfere in our politicsand is very serious situation for usa
“failed show i have never heard of you and was told you are a loserafter reading your credits i have no questions about it!
just signed 702 bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection this is not the same fisa law that was so wrongly abused during the election i will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the american people first!
is it legal for a sitting president to be wire tapping a race for president prior to an election? turned down by court earlier a new low!
donald stick to business and politics i will!
its about time italy recognized the innocence of news !
so the highly overrated anchor is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show but i cant fight back? wrong!
i will miss mike wallace he did a major interview with me for 60 minutes and it was totally fair and balanced cont
just signed bill our military will now be stronger than ever before we love and need our military and gave them everything — and more first time this has happened in a long time also means jobs jobs jobs!
can you imagine a canadian company developing our website? terrible way to put americans back to work
i will be on fox and friends tomorrow morning at 700 ebola and isis will be topics
u are so nice on ur show! xo
a sketch years later about a nonexistent man a total con job playing the fake news media for fools but they know it!
looking forward to hearing you speak at the starkey expo on thursday10 am/ las vegas/great!
in more and more places throughout this region citizens of sovereign and independent nations have taken greater control of their destinies and unlocked the potential of their people apec2017
nancy pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big tax cuts given to the american people by the republicansgot not one democrat vote! here’s a choice they want to end them and raise your taxes substantially republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
good idea rt lets just put you in the white house now
received a standing ovation in packed house after sam clovis intro! lets make america great again!
just set my dvr to record celebrity apprentice jan 4 dont want to miss a second!! great
australia new zealand and more i am always available to them is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me
i will be livetweeting the vp debate very exciting! make america great again!
congratulations to my friend on 1000th show consecutively 1 in his time slot! great going!
already happened look at detroit they turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago usa next!
is in a total meltdown with their fake news because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
i wanna do naughty things to u emelie behave i am not eliot spitzer
i win no contest!
❤️ just when you think it cant get any better it does!!
donald trump would be an awesome president!
rising 70 stories over panama bay offers our elite amenities in latin americas tallest building
we must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people if we dont get smart it will only get worse
in aiming at trump buzzfeed shot its own credibility thanks jeffrey l
met at trump tower today hes a big thinker
caught up on over the last two nights youve done it again! awesome!
rt were working to make tax cuts and the expanded child tax credit a reality for american families the time is now! taxrefor…
i will be live tweeting during the tonight at 9 pm et
while i fully agree it is not politically correct!
the fake news is becoming more and more dishonest! even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in germany is made to look sinister!
trump tower punta del este’s cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury on the sands of playa brava
so great in sarasota fl! turnttrump were following t all the way!
will vote for you if you run
hello dawn
hillary said i really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign i deplore the death and destruction she causedstupidity
dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the star of david rather than a sheriffs star or plain star!
reports by that i will be working on the apprentice during my presidency even part time are ridiculous and untrue fake news !
the president of taiwan called me today to wish me congratulations on winning the presidency thank you!
if you could do anything to change the world for the better what would you do? fire obama!
heading over to walter reed medical center to see our great first lady melania successful procedure she is in good spirits thank you to all of the wellwishers!
reasons why i love he isnt afraid to speak his mind and call people out true!
when you have exhausted all possibilities remember this you havent thomas a edison
the media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place biggest crowds ever watch what happens!
thanks matt
the us is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time were selling our coal to cont
i very much look forward to tomorrow’s debate in new hampshire—so many things to say so much at stake it will be an incredible evening!
always great to speak with veterans our nations heroes we will make america great again!
just arrived at asean50 in the philippines for my final stop with world leaders will lead to fair trade deals unlike the horror shows from past administrations will then be leaving for dc made many good friends!
great move to take arod out of game now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation drugs
thank you pennsylvania! trump2016
be tenacious being tenacious means youre tough and patient at once so its a formidable combination
if becomes we will finally have a hall of famer as president
true america is rapidly losing its spirit and when thats gone we will only be going in one direction and that direction is down!
trump national golf club los angeles fronts the pacific ocean and has an 18 hole pete dye course beautiful!
which hotel?
whos your pick or ? vote now on ivankas new facebook page!
melania and i saw american idiot on broadway last night and it was great an amazing theatrical experience!
amazing job
trump intl hotel and tower chicago has won many awards and accolades as has sixteen its signature restaurant
was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when i left the set of
cnn anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime failing schools and vanishing jobs
rt watch live and host tax event on tax day in new hampshire courtesy wbz
trumpachusetts donald trump tops poll of bay state voters ac360 thanks great news
rt the cruzcrew prevailed! smart for to keep his speech short and sweet ditto for who was brie…
your the man!!
via by “trump unloads hillary clinton was the worst and is extremely bad”
just watched your als ice bucket challenge big respect to you thank you
can you believe this fool dr thomas frieden of cdc just stated anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in west africa dope
my fragrancesuccess is flying off the shelves the perfect christmas gift!
please run for president and straighten things out there is plenty to straighten out!
join me in cedar rapids iowa tomorrow at 7 00 pm ! maga
time to bring back the apprentice mr trump! the new season will be announced by nbc very soon!
youre the worst person thank you!
also true!
has my vote! he must run for president if we want success! thank you
rt pres trump we cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror
meeting w/ washington dc and metro gm paul wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here…
today we mark another milestone the 74th anniversary of dday the allied invasion of normandy on june 6 1944 more than 70000 brave young americans charged out of landing craft jumped out of airplanes and stormed into hell
the new winter menu explores the evolution of fine dining
thank you so much for your nice words i will make you look very smart!
we are in the nafta worst trade deal ever made renegotiation process with mexico and canadaboth being very difficultmay have to terminate?
wow just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me how am i still number one by a lot?
great job on piers morgan! thank you
appears that you are
join my team over on my facebook page live now! debates
its been way too long! looking forward to starting the new year with you back on tv! love i cant wait!
china demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us our leaders are hope… cont
mitts got it right attacks on progrowth tax cut proposal are foolish
how do you like the boardroom so far?
big wins against isis!
good to hear enjoy!
but complain and obstruct they made only bad deals iran and their socalled trade deals are the laughing stock of the world!
i have none!
rt since took office 863000 new jobs were filled by women over half a million american women have en…
why is ag jeff sessions asking the inspector general to investigate potentially massive fisa abuse will take forever has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on comey etc isn’t the ig an obama guy? why not use justice department lawyers? disgraceful!
just set my dvr for the apprentice lets go
will win every state in 2016
and opened a full month ahead of schedule case is taught in wharton
washington big thank you for supporting trump! we are all going to help trump make america great again! trump2016!
the republicans look so weak and foolish—what the hell are they doing?
rt prob w/ all pundits saying last fall had no chance is that shows media so out of touch w/ americans
we cannot continue to let israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect they used to have a great friend in the us but
cokie roberts says donald trump had a really good night
trump and clinton on immigration debate bigleaguetruth
head of air forces antisexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be
congratulations
energy sec called for $7$9 gas in january wish granted owns the gas prices
the freedom caucus will hurt the entire republican agenda if they dont get on the team and fast we must fight them and dems in 2018!
ted cruz said on that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens another liecrazy!
back from miami where my cuban/american friends are very happy with what i signed today another campaign promise that i did not forget!
i wish you had run for president! you are a very smart man! thanks cheryl!
congratulations to on his five year anniversary as the anchor brett is great!
trump soho opens this friday and it is fantastic! check out the trump hotel collection
your ties are amazing thanks
nice to see obama released a situation room photo from sandy how about releasing the photo taken during benghazi?
while a 300ft turbine in ardrossan north ayrshire erupted in flames the previous month during gales of 165 mph
go to to help my friend scott brown take back our senate
if you didn’t say the ipod would be gone in a year you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have
thank you for dedicating your birthday today to the for click here to donate
i have never met a successful person that was a quitter successful people never ever give up!
i have on the sharpest blue trump tie on today going to win! go get em!
whats brutal is a nation without the vision interpid leadership and plain common sense of for president!
emmys are a joke the donald needs to fix them like he did with the miss universe pageant
we need to make america great again! only patriots allowed!! vote vote vote trump
in iran deal we get 4 prisoners they get $150 billion 7 most wanted and many off watch list this will create great incentive for others!
what would you feel about jeb bush running for president in 2016? the last thing we need is another bush!
russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is a complete and total fabrication utter nonsense very unfair!
border patrol agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the border because of ridiculous liberal democrat laws like catch and release getting more dangerous “caravans” coming republicans must go to nuclear option to pass tough laws now no more daca deal!
great appearance on letterman such a great insight wish we had more great businessmen like you
i have always done well with properties fronting on oceans lakes and rivers if something works stay with it
my son don will be giving the keynote address at the investment show in sandton south africa on dec 1 hes an cont
watched special tonight! you have such amazing children lots to be proud of! love your wife! class act!
riley rone was a great young man we will miss him dearly
bill hemmer of was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena more than in past years
loser!
jeff has been battling cancer for years huge fan and trump supporter as am i
the pressure on the debt ceiling is on trumpvlog
if you run for pres you will automatically win no doubt trump2016 thanks but nothing is easy
awesome donald you rule! thanks i loved being in michigan!
can anyone even imagine having spies placed in a competing campaign by the people and party in absolute power for the sole purpose of political advantage and gain? and to think that the party in question even with the expenditure of far more money lost!
everyone is talking about how trump tower is the exterior for wayne enterprises in dark knight risesits true
donald trump cpac speech us is run by very stupid people via by
congrats to on finishing 1st in the al east derek jeter is greatgood luck in the playoffs!
the dealmaker is cunning secretive focused and never settles for less than he wants the america we deserve
dont worry trump they are losing thousands of viewers and money roger ailes will be telling megyn to stop
my honor charlie thank you! maga
the signature restaurant of is both a forbes fivestar and aaa fivediamond restaurant
the paris attacks have only made donald trump stronger very interesting!
ted cruz lifts the bible high into the air and then lies like a dogover and over again! the evangelicals in sc figured him out and said no!
work hard and keep at it!
im a democrat and id vote for you in a second thanks
what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate donald trump
chicago is a shooting disasterthey should immediately go to stop and frisk they have no choice hundreds of lives would be saved!
the 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at trump tower in new york city
i am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with president obamas mental health why wont he stop the flights psycho!
i will be interviewed by on tonight at 11 pm enjoy!
a suggestion for the dishonest media
going to the white house is considered a great honor for a championship teamstephen curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn!
president said we would never leave a soldier behind how about the 4 who died in benghazi?
is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with syria? our leaders dont know what they are doing!
thank you susan
now america knowsthe emperor has no clothes why would obama do better in a 2nd debate? debate obama
just trashed the gop and stood up for china on sunday i am surprised he didnt say it in mandarin
unbelievable crowd of supporters in virginia beach virginia thank you! next stop cleveland ohio…
watching right nowim game! lets take it and win!
thanks dom
i think donald trump should run for president thank you we sure do need someone and fast!
you are the man for the job
jeb bush is desperate strongly in favor of commoncore and very weak on illegal immigration
will be on fox and friends at 700 enjoy!
trump victorious in fort lauderdale litigation
senator ted cruz has been mathematically eliminated from race he said kasich should get out for same reason i think both should get out!
i received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in trump tower during sandy it was my pleasure to help
obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve and the backend of the website does not even work
great jobs numbers and finally after many years rising wages and nobody even talks about them only russia russia russia despite the fact that after a year of looking there is no collusion!
should fire and bring back someone that is actually funny
twitlonger betagetting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take cont
rest in peace billy graham!
about thatthose intelligence chiefs made a mistake here and when people make mistakes they should apologize media should also apologize
has brains! trump has organization! trump has our intrests at heart! and he has real republican values!
trump has a very good chance at 2016! we need you mr trump the us needs you!!
when are one of your courses going to host a major? thats what often makes them great 2017
what they are saying about the clinton campaign’s anticatholic bigotry
have a great monday! still hoping to hear these words sooni will be running for president trumpforpresident
ratings starved and does not cover me accurately why cant they get it right its really not that hard!
doing greta tonight at 10 on foxenjoy!
you will be the greatest president the world has ever seen thanks
so a woman in chicago who never had a job has 9 kids with 7 different men she is one of many these kids will never work trouble!
you never give up🇺🇸 hope you win youre my 1 choice trump2016 proudamerican
very important that nfl players stand tomorrow and always for the playing of our national anthem respect our flag and our country!
was right wont last even paul knew it thats why hes still running for his senate seat trump2016
my ties and shirts at macy’s are doing great stupid is making people aware of how good they are!
art laffer just said that he doesnt know how a democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!
the seriously failing despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place only writes dishonest hits!
cnbc time magazine online polls say donald trump won the first presidential debate via maga
we will confront any challenge no matter how strong the winds or high the water i’m proud to stand with presidents for oneamericaappeal
a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he has designed
watching the celebrity apprentice love it truly my favorite show boladagur gottaloveit thanks
i cherish your boldness and confidenceindeed you are a blessing to your generationlove you sir x
for those of you in trouble—in these troubled times—never ever give up!
youre right! this country is falling apart!! we need a strong leader!! one that will take no bs
thanks timothy
bidens statements on medicare are very effective ryan must now come back and combat vpdebate
please thank your brother for his nice words on television seems like a great guy and character!
this is not a media event or about donald j trump this is about the united states of america i will be
join me in california or montana!5/25/16 anaheim california billings montana
i would wanna work for him i worked for gw bush and would wanna work for trump
twitlonger betaheres the deal when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode americas military cont
“be sure you put your feet in the right place then stand firm” abraham lincoln
new donna b book says she paid for and stole the dem primary what about the deleted emails uranium podesta the server plus plus
thanks lisa
let me make this simple run for president forgodssake
lying cruz put out a statement “trump and rubio are w/obama on gay marriage cruz is the worst liar crazy or very dishonest perhaps all 3?
come on danny are u afraid of the deal be careful im really good at deals
twitlonger betaive got news for president america is not whats wrong with the world i dont believe we need cont
join me in carmel indiana tomorrow at 4 pm ! inprimary
get it on and get this nation back kick ass
amercia really needs a man like and why settle for like him? usa needs trump! thanks!
twitlonger betawith china beating us like a punching bag daily opec vacuuming our wallets clean and jobs nowhere in sight cont
via by jeffrey lord “donald trump america’s entrepreneur” wowthank you to jeffrey lord and
made a great decision in firing from the show will be better without her!
good news toyota and mazda announce giant new huntsville alabama plant which will produce over 300000 cars and suv’s a year and employ 4000 people companies are coming back to the us in a very big way congratulations alabama!
doing interview today with maria bartiromo at 10 00 am on enjoy!
stayed last month great time great service great pool and great view of the strip from room!
if i run and if i win our country will be great again last line of my speech
one of the great places on the planet and will only get better now that i own it and will be investing large sums in it!
riyadhsummit potusabroad🇺🇸
i will be going to texas and louisiana tomorrow with first lady great progress being made! spending weekend working at white house
rt thanks for watching!!
trump for president! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
will be leaving palm beach for the 11 am ceremony opening the magnificent gary player villa at trump nationak doral miami gary is great!
hi hallmar
grab your popcorn because to is on the celebrity apprentice in 2 months
thank you to and for a very fair and professional interview this morning no wonder you are 1 in the ratings!
i hear show on broadway is terrible not surprised boring guy penn without the apprentice show would have died long ago
rosie back on ? what do you think about that mr trump? she will self destruct as she always does
after watching all about the horror story that is arod i realized again that it is time to let pete rose into the baseball hall of fame!
awesome thsnks!
you run or notpraying u do your getting my votei am writing you in if you dont runyour our best hope trump16
another new iowa poll just released thank you! iacaucus fitn
come on take the bet show your friends and family and your bosses on modern family that youre not chicken shit
our country has to come together we have to start working with and really liking each other the whole world is watching baltimore
working on my midas touch plan re the fund anything reward! you are my favorite entrepreneur! thanks
why does bore their audience with people like a totally biased loser who doesnt have a clue i hear she will soon be gone!
republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house they just dont get it
it wasnt matt lauer that hurt hillary last night it was her very dumb answer about emails and the veteran who said she should be in jail
entrepreneurs successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants youve got to know where theyre coming from pay attention!
thats why youre a failure!
apologize hypocrite jersey city 9/11 celebration report makeamericagreatagain …
between libya the national security leaks and fast and furious obama has had more national security scandals than any other president
hillary clinton does not have the strength or stamina to be president we need strong and super smart for our next leader or trouble!
i believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote trump as our next president
archive “donald trumps greatest moments” when i shaved mcmahons head in xxiii
someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that im for sen mitch for speaker im supporting him for senate majority leader
trump will win! hes counting on all supporters to vote then we celebrate with tailgate style parties! teamtrump
little barry diller who lost a fortune on news week and daily beast only writes badly about me he is a sad and pathetic figure lives lie!
leaving west palm beach florida now heading to st augustine for a 3 pm rally will be in tampa at 7 pm join me …
being a movie starand that was season 1 compared to season 14 now compare him to my season 1 but who cares he supported kasich and hillary
the losing team is now back in boardroom i cant discuss the team members or whats going on or what happens from here on out
tbt with steven spielberg in the old days a great guy!
trump rails on romney as possible 2016 contender via by
it was a great privilege to meet with president moon of south koreastay tuned! 🇺🇸🇰🇷 unga
mitt romney had his chance and blew it lindsey graham ran for president got zero and quit! why are they now spokesmen against me? sad!
thank you to and jeffrey lord for the lovely article “governor trump? the conservative nelson rockefeller”
i aspire to be like the man is a genius true but thanks!
all these polls released by news outlets are oversampling democrats they want to influence public perception of the race
honored and excited to be listed on thanks btw where are the jobs? donald
negotiation it is persuasion more than power
thanks and thats good news good luck
radical islamic terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! the courts must give us back our protective rights have to be tough!
just hit a million on facebook
on i really hope gilbert goes on a yelling laughing tirade crylaugh
paul begala the dopey flunky and head of the prohillary clinton super pac has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me
mark penn “why are there people from the clinton foundation on the mueller staff? why is there an independent counsel? to go after people and their families for unrelated offensesconstitution was set up to prevent thisstormtrooper tactics almost” a disgrace!
congratulations to on his texas primary victory last night he will be an outstanding senator
i love your show though donny im a fuckung huge fan but our country is dieing!
trump leads jeb slips rubio crashes in wsj/nbc news poll straighttalk ccot tcot 2a
my book with midas touch is divided into five sections the first is the thumb
consumer confidence is at a 16 year highand for good reason much more regulation busting to come working hard on tax cuts and reform!
i’ll be doing show tonight on cnn at 9 pm will be very interesting i hope!
most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning the art of the deal
video hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel
run donald run
rt sen ted cruz trumps air traffic control plan is a winwin for democrats and republicans
governor kasich whose failed campaign and debating skills have brought him way down in the polls is going to spend $25 million against me
nothing but respect for someone who can speak their mind without fear of censorship! thank you for being that guy! thank you
who is paying for that tedious smokey bear commercial that is on all the time enough already!
is the man america needs trump2016
you got my vote
dwindling subscribers and readersthey got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course and never will dishonest
thank you for your endorsement bikersfortrump votetrumpnv video
congrats to on a great victory i hope my robocalls helped! ny1
just landed from paris france it was an incredible visit with president a lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
congratulations to mike dewine on his big win in the great state of ohio he will be a great governor with a heavy focus on healthcare and jobs his socialist opponent in november should not do well a big failure in last job!
this veteran voted for trump in tx early voting!
“trump tiger team up to create stunning golf course in dubai” via by
donald trump is the only candidate for middle class america trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
since the art of the deal you have been an inspiration to me! thanks
departing pittsburgh now where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers and to show the world that america is back and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before!
thank you to all of the supporters who far outnumbered the protesters yesterday at the womens us open very cool!
crooked hillary clinton wants to flood our country with syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about the danger is massive no!
when somebody challenges you fight back be brutal be tough
young entrepreneurs – be patient and continue to work with determination with hard work success will follow keep your focus!
the will be broadcast tonight on at 9 pm
americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low is this ‘recovery’?
it shouldnt be ignored and i doubt it will be carson will drop in polls
vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in pennsylvania have moved to mexico and other countries that will end when i win!
hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night shes being decimated by the media!
leeza!!!
will be in phoenix arizona on wednesday changing venue to much larger one demand is unreal polls looking great! imwithyou
my interview discussing housing prices the gdp numbers china spreading its wealth and my stock picks
congratulations to bret michaels the new celebrity apprentice brets a true champion all of us were happy to see him and to see him win!
my highly respected nominee for cia director gina haspel has come under fire because she was too tough on terrorists think of that in these very dangerous times we have the most qualified person a woman who democrats want out because she is too tough on terror win gina!
congrats new fox show debuts w/ very strong ratings guess who her first guest was? donald trump
trump offers to donate $5 million to charity if obama releases college transcripts via
legal analyst and former prosecutor destroyed hack schneiderman’s suit on yesterdayshe’s very sharp!
hey donald huge fan cant wait for another season of the apprentice thanks
when will release his transcripts? what is he hiding?
shameful after trading 5 senior taliban for a deserter the white house is now attacking bergdahl’s platoon
lyingted blames for so many things i am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis
“competitive golf is played mainly on a fiveandahalfinch course the space between your ears” bobby jones
great day of meetings with prime minister of japan!
join me live in washington michigan at 7 00 pm e on maga
tbt with darrell hammond when i hosted snl
via donald trump sends bill maher birth certificate awaits $5 million
looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates will be a lot of fun
great going!
rt we should all take a moment to say a prayer for those who paid the ultimate price — their bravery and sacrifice allows us t…
i dont think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed crooked hillary to get away with murder come november 8 shes out!
ok christmas is over now we can all go back to the wars of life focus focus focusnever accept defeat push hard for total victory!
president obamas weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly in more ways than money attack on syria!
enter the think like a champion signed book and keychain contest
derek jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at trump world tower i told him not to sell karma?
i always said will attack iran in some form prior to the election
you would be the most straightforward prez weve ever had i dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter
no mercy to terrorists you dumb bastards!
i am astonished that the media continues to lie gutted welfare reform it is a fact!
us tuitions are completely out of control in the last 4 years the average price has gone up by 15 unsustainable!
congratulations to for being reckless in his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable
the democrats are pushing for universal healthcare while thousands of people are marching in the uk because their u system is going broke and not working dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and nonpersonal medical care no thanks!
yes! hes our man for the next president sure hes the man no doubt
rt today president trump issued an executive grant of clemency full pardon posthumously to john arthur “jack” johnson the f…
whats one advice youd give to an aspiring entrepreneur? work hard and love what you donever give up!
09192011 17 54 28
the white house has just admitted al qaeda was involved in benghazi what about the video tape?
if had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 112
is clearly not a team player if he was knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the cont
jodyagreed
many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! makeamericagreatagain thank you!
wow you are great and your hair is awesome wow i love the second part!
if speeches and memoirs created jobs then would be ronald reagan
i’ve known for a long time and sadly he gets dumber each and every yearamp started from a very low base
“the minute that you’re not learning i believe you’re dead” – jack nicholson
i will be interviewed on at 7 00 pm enjoy!
we need you in the white house!!!!! trump2016 i agree thanks!
extremism and all reference was pointing to qatar perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
oscar pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend ridiculous decision! judge couldnt even read her own writings
great pairing of a political powerhouse and a business genius! thanks it was a lot of fun
cleveland just made a very wise decision congrats!
puerto rico survived the hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making says sharyl attkisson a total lack of
and the military doesnt have a heck of a lot of respect for him either
for an advance preview of the miss usa 2013 contestants as well as other show details go to
is playing great for st louis cardinals they made a wise decision
for those on tv defending my use of the word schlonged.c.msm is giving it false meaningtell them it means beaten badly dishonest msm
“a true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better” – midas touch
im just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words day after day from our president its time to stop talkingwork!
poll numbers are higher then most think no one is asking democrats if they are voting trump
flashback – jeb bush says illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love” he will never secure the border
the united states is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine that is the message i am here to deliver today apec2017
north korea has not conducted a missile test since november 28 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings i believe they will honor that commitment!
where would nbc be without the apprentice? you make the tv network mr trump
i just left in charlottesvillevirginia it is the finest in the country really incredible!
just asked frequent las vegas visitor where to stay he said thanks
im sending you a check to help find a cure says hi
bad performance by crooked hillary clinton! reading poorly from the telepromter! she doesnt even look presidential!
but maybe my biggest beef with obama is his view that theres nothing special or exceptional about america timetogettough
obamacare premiums rising 132 in 2015 elections have consequences!
espn is paying a really big price for its politics and bad programming people are dumping it in record numbers apologize for untruth!
2nd amendment strong military isis historic va improvement supreme court justice record stock market lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
great news ! thank you governor ralph dlg torres! trump2016
last nights live show was so much fun congrats to the entire cast they are all winners! from beginning over $13 million for charity
wall street paid for ad is a fraud just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women and they knew it apologize?
congressman john lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested innercities of the us i can use all the help i can get!
after years of rebuilding other nations we are finally rebuilding our nation and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! cpac2018
i am clairvoyant may i be the first to congratulate you on your win mr president? cute!
why don’t you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative dishonest reporting!
endorsement of shows that the gop is coalescing to defeat
your tax dollars well spent over 1295m obamacare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants are you surprised?
thank you! i think
my interview with discussing this seasons timetogettough the economy and gop primary
stayed there many times its fabulous
our country needs a negotiatorwe are failing fast!
oil should not cost more than $40 a barrel ideally it should be $25 cheap to produce and we protect the opec countries
i watched lightweight senator marco rubio who is all talk and no action defend his weak position on illegal immigration pathetic!
if cory booker is the future of the democratic party they have no future! i know more about cory than he knows about himself
obama deserves much less credit for the killing of bin laden the praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers
played trump international today unbelievable course decent mode of transport to thanks stuart
trumpforpresident is ☞ triumph next year sounded the trumpets!
markthey could use you
donald trump is my inspiration in life love u donald u the real mvp!!
votetrumphi! trump2016
the ninth circuit which has a terrible record of being overturned close to 80 they used to call this judge shopping! messy system
its all about jealousy you should just ignore their false reporting but id rather expose them as losers!
obamacare has brought skyrocketing premium increases and unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care and job losses
great meeting with a wonderful woman today former secretary of state condoleezza rice! usa🇺🇸
steve bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at even better than ever before fake news needs the competition!
i dont watch a lot of tv but couldnt wait for celebrity apprentice it was great!!
i was viciously attacked by mr khan at the democratic convention am i not allowed to respond? hillary voted for the iraq war not me!
leaders at trump national doral are only one under par the great ben hogan said ive never seen a great course that was easy!
entrepreneurs be passionateyou have to love what youre doing to be successful at it
coincidence? obama and ahmadinejad each describe warning over the iranian nuclear program as just noise
tbt wrestlemania 23
as i anticipated justice roberts made the cover of time magazine etc the liberal media now loves him he should be ashamed
watch whats america worth? hosted and narrated by me this sunday at 9 pm on
people buy deals and immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals it’s a very effective and commonly used business tool
i wont rest until i have respectfully shaken the hand of donaldtrump himself🔅 inspiration rolemodel
surges in postdebate poll! trump puts us 1st and foremost
“never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat” f scott fitzgerald
“trump declares victory on immigration as obama admits some illegals are ‘gang bangers’” via
impression of is my favorite of his beyond funny on this morning
last week was a first in celebapprentice when i fired 2 celebrities at once wish i could fire cont
fun fact for my 2m followers the architect karl rove blew $400m in the 2012 election with a success rate of 16
as a dutchess county resident that is the absolute truth! its a course and facility to be proud of mr trump! thank you
you have given these celebrities exposure they could not buy!t that is true!
heading to us bank arena in cincinnati ohio for a 7 pm rally join me! tickets
you sound really presidential on 2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win
make america safe and great again! rncincle
the donald is the only reason i tweet! thanks lauri!
youve raised children that young people can look up too thats probably your greatest achievement in my mind
saudis just cut oil supplymaking prices rise “immediately” while we are fighting isis for them what are we doing!
just do it!
were all very proud of you donald
we really need a person like you to lead our country trump2016
trump bedminster is truly special but then again all of trumps courses are ! thank you ann marie!
everyone including knows sucks why dont you buy and call it trum pm obile?
quote you dont have to be ruthless you have to be smart
after allowing north korea to research and build nukes while secretary of state bill c also crooked hillary now criticizes
thanks xena!
truejust terrible
my thoughts on dick cheney and his new book… trumpvlog
just read midas touch cover2cover tons of notes for thank you and robert too! thank you good luck!
today i signed an executive order on improving accountability and whistleblower protection at the
philly fop chief on presidential endorsement clinton ‘blew the police off
via by “2014 contestants”
many say donald trump worlds greatest writer of 140character sentences
wellmaintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate the art of the deal
thanks for bringing it down to and readyforthethrowdown
my latest piece on winning the foreign policy race trump2016 …
there is no better place in the world to spend christmas than maralago in palm beach florida
tune in!
would love to see you on shark tank great white vs hammerheads but the apprentice is far better!
wow china exports rise 15 in september they are laughing at usa!
thanks jane
melania and i were honored to stop by the womens empowerment panel this afternoon at the
thank you colorado! an honor to win gopdebate poll
obamacare is one of the greatest threats our country faces it is unsustainable and will lead america into complete insolvency
our thoughts and prayers are with the four us marines from the 3rd marine aircraft wing who lost their lives in yesterday’s southern california helicopter crash we pray for their families and our great
how come katherine isnt a judge for miss usa???? because she is friends with miss alabama!
i think if a gop candidate really wants to win he will name as the chief trade negotiator
i defy the belgians or japanese to produce something like a if that makes me an exceptionalist i plead guilty
you were great you are always genuine thanks!
the obamacare disaster is in full swing websites are down people can’t sign up and elderly can’t understand the lingo
dreams dont come true visions do are not dreamers they are visionaries
my interview with discussing how is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win
the right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world let’s make america great again!
is looking at jeff zucker to lead them out of the forestjeff would be a great choice
trump is great a woman with real character and class
thank you for the nice things you said about melania you will like her great heart and smart always wanting to help people!
“when you cant make them see the light make them feel the heat” – president ronald reagan
oregon is voting today keep the big numbers going vote trump! make america great again!
dow dives more than 500 points down 9 from high be careful!
is there something to learn from success? election2016
prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting america workers and families first americafirst🇺🇸
my piece trump i dont need to be lectured
has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is i think youd be great true and thx
we need a balanced budget amendment because congress has no fiscal discipline
even though i have a very biased and unfair judge in the trump u civil case in san diego i have thousands of great reviews and will win case!
is gov the stupid one for using the phrase “the stupid party” when referring to the republicans?
i had no idea bryant gumbel was still on tv another issue of someone using you to gain a little relevancy
is fighting for middle class and veterans! discussing trade deals
i still don’t know who i’m going to choose or who do you like?
rt fusion gps firm behind disputed russia dossier retracts its claim of fbi mole in trump camp
trump will do or say anything but toure why only one name? is just a very dumb racistbad ratings!
obamas mind isis ebola etc and then thinking boy i wish i was on the golf coarse what should i wear on the links
rt president trump officially nominates former assistant attorney general christopher wray to head the fbi
via tweet of the day
hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted $ from a business linked to isis silence at cnn
champion loves being on the other side of the table in the boardroom she leaves no punches out in
is ny so out of touch they would vote in weiner? in this crazy world anything is possible!
i just learned that has no credibilitytotal phonies that dont report the truth a puppet of obama?
! imagine how mad youd be to watch your healthy child crash hard after vaccine then doctors mock you
congrats everyonewe topped 4 million today on twitterand heading up fast!
yesterday it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary law enforcement officers and first responders and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers the medal of valor americanheroes
i agree to all americans i see you and i hear you i am your voice vote to draintheswamp w/ me on 11/8
big win in montana for republicans! we
even is impressed by celebapprentice
took wife jenn to your 16 in chicago had great time! impeccable service! thanks!
book in hand waiting for the next president
the new hampshire drug epidemic must stop if elected potus i will create borders and the drugs will stop pouring in
cant wait for your exciting june announcement! keep posting videos theyre always informative trump2016
republicans are always worried about their general approval with proposing to ignore the debt ceiling they are ignoring their base
amazing various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements but media doesnt care about
you did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in iraq isis controls a lot of it today good foresight
a warren buffett corp is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy likewise icahn kravis apollo and many others have played the gamethanks!
my friend called it recast the race
do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail ralph waldo emerson
wow the msm is really going after me 12000 in sarasota a love fest hardly a mention only one negativity they only want negatives!
rt comey went silent when i asked him about his memos which raised a lot of eyebrows
president obama said that he thinks he would have won against me he should say that but i say no way! jobs leaving isis ocare etc
will be doing interview tomorrow so much to talk about!
ted cruz attacked new yorkers and new york values we dont forget!
wow knows how to build em chicago true!
let the court and league discipline them and move on agree with mr t the needs to worry about product on field
merry christmas! cant wait 4 celebrity apprenctice my favorite show on tv need more than 1 a year! i will ep it for you!
stock market hits another all time high on friday 53 trillion dollars up since election fake news doesnt spent much time on this!
who are your favorites on team power? team plan b? celebapprentice
join us live in the oval office for the swearing in of our new attorney general
mitch mcconnell announced he will cancel the senate’s august recess great maybe the democrats will finally get something done other than their acceptance of high crime and high taxes we need border security!
make sure youre registered to vote! lets makeamericagreatagain! we cant afford more years of failure! all info …
please run for president! our country needs you to fix this mess!
i believe in americafirst and that means family first! my childcare plan reflects the needs of modern workingclas…
via “ obama didnt lift a finger to help free marine in mexican prison”
youll be the first person i ever vote for trump2016
hey d trump is time for me to buy a trump 2016 yet? lead us back to the top!!
ag lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposesgave hillary clinton a free pass and protection totally illegal!
no thanks to obama
thank you waterbury connecticut! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country make america strong again vote for
and champion were recently at the white house it was a great day for a great sport!
looking forward to playing trump national la on tuesday with padraig harrington ! say hi to padraig!
the blue monster at trump national doral opens for play on saturday morning after a massive rebuilding brand new course!
democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with north korea just like they are coming to the defense of ms 13 thugs saying that they are individuals and must be nurtured or asking to end your big tax cuts and raise your taxes instead dems have lost touch!
whats more dangerous for the countrythe iranian nuclear threat or as president?
give me a good reason why i shouldnt unfollow you because you cant live withoutme or my extreme knowledge!
rt nvcaucus locator gt
pleaaaase run for president!!! help america donald trump youre our only hope! thank you
thanks very nice
thanks jaime happy holidays
only 10 more days until the premiere of allstar on march 3rd at 9 pm est the fireworks return to the board room!
you are right the media is always offending donald trumpthey have no limitsbut they will do anything not to offend the boston killer!
icymi i joined ontherecord with on this evening trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
such a wonderful statement from the great we take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern american history
i do have to say i went to your timeline and saw you did not tweet that! hope you catch the bastard! done
thank you alabama! trump2016 supertuesday
the secret of getting ahead is getting started mark twain
dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best thats a shortcut to undermining your own potential
looking forward to speaking at the fitn republican leadership summit on saturday at 12 pm ! let’s make america great again!
both countries will perhaps work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world!
just got thru reading time to get tough by its a shame more people didnt read it before this past election
“to be a visionary and to be a billionaire you have to chase impossibilities few ever get rich easily” – think like a billionaire
im going to be live with and to ring in the new year 2016 everybody should tune in to tomorrow night!
thank you new hampshire! together we will make america great again!
haven’t even started yet! the us has very little to give because it has given so much over the years china has much to give!
“generals dont panic then the troops never panic”
a picture is worth a thousand words lyingted nevercruz
rt president trump pays respects and delivers memorialday remarks at arlington national cemetery
rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the manufacturing council and strategy and policy forum i am ending both thank you all!
wow has nothing but my opponents on their shows really onesided and unfair reporting maybe i shouldnt do their townhall tonight!
tom marbles in his mouth brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the apprentice for nbc now he calls cont
celebrity apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season watch tonight at 8 00
will be interviewed on at 8 30 am eastern enjoy!
with oil below $50 the blighted views by windfarms of historic will be very sad saveculzean
my shirts ties and suits and fragrance success are doing great go over and check out macy’s now—beautiful new selection!
ugandan mogul ashish thakkar says that donald trump is ignorant about africa wrong if anything its worse than i say
youd be a great president mrtrump thank you the world would no longer look at us as fools!
i am working hard even on thanksgiving trying to get carrier ac company to stay in the us indiana making progress will know soon!
great sign we built this business without government help obama can kiss our a! commonly heard now across america!
must read! my editorial i love chicago and my sign!
been a bit quiet lately? told my job is at risk ny any tips to cheer me up? be positive do your best!
they are saying that tickets to tonights saturday night live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! off to a good start!
what a great sport!! good job!! alsicebucketchallenge thank you
i am the only potential owner of the who will keep the team in buffalo where it belongs!
“donald trump to address sc tea party coalition at myrtle beach event” via by
shirley b did a very good job singing goldfinger! not easy
shes fantastic
and last time i was there it was immaculately clean too very important
i would most definitely vote for trump for president!! he would be a real leader unlike what we have now
a lot of us support trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else
americas top army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet controlforces greatly hurt!
we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him great!
i hope u run for president u have my vote
oh donald dont ever change i will try not to!
a penny saved is a penny earned benjamin franklin
our visa system is broken like so much else in our country we better get it fixed really fast make america great again!
i bet the russian leaders wouldnt taunt youjust sayin they would not!
takes a stroll with
nobody wants wind turbines they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidya disaster for taxpayers
the best investment i made is the one i didnt make donald trump apc can be very true!
polls close but can you believe i lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events that never happened media rigging election!
senator made horrible statements about – and then he endorsed him no wonder nobody trusts politicians!
the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs economy and our safety i am the only candidate who would build it
our ally canada wants to send their oil down south to us is forcing canada to send it west to china
meanwhile hes on the golf course as egypt syria iraq burnwhat else is new?
he is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure he is 100 responsible for solyndra
obamacare continues to fail humana to pull out in 2018 will repeal replace and save healthcare for all americans
interesting view!
via “ allstars first trailer”
rt tonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in america today we will name names 9 est hannity fox…
preview of obama’s sotu more taxes bigger government shrink the private sector end the republicans and bankrupt the country enjoy!
buzzfeed runs unverifiable trumprussia claims fake news
the donald did it right at trump national doral beautiful course thanks
a very happy blessed easter to you mr trump thank you and you also!
will be interviewed on the tonight at 8 00 pm will be talking about the debate and more!
colin great to have you at trump turnberry so proud of you and your great playing! you made winning majors look easy!
evangelicals dont like lairs this carson mannatech video and story show be shown in iowa
obama would not have won election if he told truth about obamacare
alertus jobless claims up 46000 to 388000 really bad news 78 is now a fraudnot possible!
getting ready to watch on smartguy will be on 7 am
leadership whatever happens youre responsible if it doesnt happen youre responsible
for president 2016 and for vp! no more career politicians and
very nice best wishes!
media attacking you early this morning a good sign!america is proud of you for ignoring the media and telling it like it is!
terrible tragedy at the empire state building today must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals
“acu announces donald trump to address cpac 2013” via
in las vegas getting ready to speak!
via by trump i wouldve won the race against obama
thank you cleveland ohio!
sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world
let the arab league take care of syria why are these rich arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
rt the ungratefulness is something i’ve never seen before if you get someone’s son out of prison he sho…
hopefully he will run for 2016 elections stay tuned!
your first guest has to be would be epic! first guest for what?
in my opinion one of the worst utility companies in the country is florida power and light
since the democrats decided to kill the filibuster they now own itrepublicans should keep the new rule when theyre in the majority
thanks and good luck
miss pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of miss usa olivia culpo
you have to feel bad for the democrat senators they don’t want hagel either just following obama’s orders
congrats to and on a great five years!
it is terrible that did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks no accountability
for president greatman thank you!
states and cities throughout our country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
hey is your recovery going? i hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon!
“courage is contagious when a brave man takes a stand the spines of others are often stiffened” – rev
“trump rally stocks put 2017 in the record books”
if schools are mandated to be gun free zones violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter almost all school shootings are in gun free zones cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
thanks erek
i am in miami at trump national doral just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites blue monster completeopens dec 14
thank you arlene! we will make america safe and great again! imwithyou draintheswamp
i call my own shots largely based on an accumulation of data and everyone knows it some fake news media in order to marginalize lies!
rt this time i agree 100 i never knew how useless a wind turbine was until i cont
looking forward to my work week in chicago and my favorite rooftop restaurant best view!
now wants us to believe the republicans cancelled keystone and are responsible for $4 gas he cont
i want to thank the people of iowa for an unbelievable day the crowds were amazing will be back tuesday!
thank you for taking on the establishmentthey dont know what to do do they?
china has done great under obama increased private us holdings by 500 hacks our military and rampd robs us blind daily timetogettough
i should host the oscars just to shake things up this is not good!
congrats to on winning a spirited primary great job mitch
congratulations to on her impressive primary win last night now all should unite and defeat bruce braley this november
many people have asked recently when do you sleep? the answer is not much
can anyone explain why is so unfunny on twitter and is so funny? jerry is highly overrated
just home from awesome buddies trip to trumpdoral! great job thanks!
the off shore aberdeen wind farm site is “experimental” and has no track record delivering energy
why are we giving china foreign aid? couldnt the super committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? timetogettough
rt nevada reminder that today is the last day to register to vote in the february 23rd caucus!
usa should take oil from iraq in repayment for their liberation
i always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world i can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t midastouch
every time i read a chapter it gives me a push and brings positive energy to my life think big
let the arab countries take care of egyptthey have more to gain and plenty of moneyits time for the us to stop being stupidno dollars
i decided that ill choose to live in the us when you are the president good choice!
mr trump please do not give inyou are changing history we need yod.c.ur next leader its your time
today it was my great honor to be with the brave men and women of the united states coast guard!
a good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan next week general george s patton
if other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them those countries should pay for the protection timetogettough
today the democrats lose big but tomorrow the republicans must communicate a positive progrowth agenda
please run in 16 kentucky is ready to support you!! thanks
trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in colorado hed get 100k and own the news cycle
veteran military dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran k9s and find them a home
is the man
i look forward to watching tonight 8 pm et it will be interesting to see how she treats me—i think she will be very fair
with all drama experience you gain in the boardroom you could start a theatre company theapprentice
strong leader netanyahu explained at aipac the threat israel faces from irans nuclear drive he is cont
wow the respected monmouth university poll has me ahead of most republican candidates nationwide and most people dont think im running!
ill be on the late show with david letterman tonightbe sure to tune in for a great show 11 30 pm on cbs
the brand new blue monster golf course at trump national doral is doing fantastic business also the new driving range is open at night!
i am tired of talking about father why dont we discuss barack obama sr!
why be governor when you can be president?
i will be interviewed on at 6 15 am enjoy!
entrepreneurs review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction dont become complacent!
xxjustme i still cant believe donald trump responded to my tweet respect trump2016 he would be the best pres for this country thx
whew!!! the week is never the same if you dont do mondays donald!
woody johnsons comments that he would rather have win the election than his win games shows real patriotism
who would be stupid enough to invest in illconceived windfarm when it will lose £25m yearly?
obamacare premiums could jump as high as 51 terrible for economy repeal and replace with free market solution!
were missing a lot of information on autism support project by visiting mssng mssng
lets have the policy speeches on immigration economy foreign policy and nato!
july us construction had biggest drop in 12months bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year
im a regan dem and believe in your message! god bless you and your campaign!
mr cohen an attorney received a monthly retainer not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campaign from which he entered into through reimbursement a private contract between two parties known as a nondisclosure agreement or nda these agreements are
dream debate 4 election2016 clinton vs trump trump would be fired up and hillary would be not hired !!! trump2016
i heard the fireworks show was amazing such a great club deserves it! see everyone there soon fantastic place
saw editorial on tv forcing whites out of their properties and throwing them into the streets with nothing
great trip to mexico today wonderful leadership and high quality people! look forward to our next meeting
is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure does he really believe we are that stupid?
time magazine should name david pecker of american media to be its top guybut they are not smart enough to do that!
coming up in march the comedy central roast of donald trump march 15 mark your calendars
sec of state kerry said we would not go back to iraq we shouldn’t but he should not have said that so stupid!
i saw the toronto hotel last year it is a beauty indeed! great addition to the skyline!
via economist/yougov 7•24•2015 makeamericagreatagain trump2016
thank you council bluffs iowa! will be back soon remember everything you need to know about hillary just…
the fact is that puerto rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
united states looks more and more like a paper tiger wont be that way if i win!
the cnndebate was amazing so much fun!
thanks dorothy
my int discussing the persecution of christians in the middle east and religious liberty and freedom
just got back from tampa it was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd fantastic people! will be in south carolina tomorrow
midastouch is divided into five sections the second is the index finger which represents focus
why is the gop establishment so threatened by the news max debate? more debate is always better
robert im getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump kristen but im right if you saw the miss universe girls you would reconsider
getting ready to watch the debate as they say lets get ready to rumble!
watch et tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the met gala!
great piece by exposing how karl 16 rove cooked a poll in support of obamacare
the statement put out yesterday by was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism who would ever say something so nasty and dumb
won’t approve the keystone pipeline so canada is now looking to sell their oil to china cont
and in my opinion should not be doing the apprentice
how would donald trump handle vladimir putin? easily and with good results for us
the so called 87 year old lady was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer
another great cause obama could send my $5m donation to is a charity for 9/11 first responders they are american heroes
you just made me laugh the sony women is stupid for calling al charlatan
peter thiel chooses now to give $125mil in support of trump
via trump on obama and congress ‘lock them up’ in a room like vatican conclave by
number one rated hotel in torontoand getting even better! best wishes
donald you epitomize what america was and i hope will be again hard work and determination equals success thank you!
wishing you and yours a very happy and bountiful thanksgiving!
i am in iowa will be interviewed on this week with this morning enjoy!
came to the campaign few people knew the young low level volunteer named george who has already proven to be a liar check the dems!
my interview discussing reckless spending the buffet tax gimmick and celebapprentice
if america unlocked its energy potential we would once again be the most powerful country in the world washington is holding us back
wow despite the switch to monday night ratings were higher than even the sunday night show
thanks andey
thats early here in vegas but i set my dvr!!! makeamericagreatagain
it is time to remember that
my interview discussing healthcare monopolies oil prices and birthday
saw ur speech on twitter u give me hope and optimism i feel as though i am in the room with u i pray 4 ur/our success
conservative leader al cardenas describes as a true patriot/am great
what a coarse what service a jewel of scotland
the winner of best in show of the 139th miss p visited today
thank you to former campaign adviser michael caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no russian collusion in our winning campaign
today we are going to win the great state of michigan and we are going to win back the white house! thank you mi!…
ashley judd ad makes her and obama look greatnobody wastes money like karl rove!
watch out hillaryclinton 👿 support 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 makeamericagreatagain 🇺🇸
personally i think douglas durst’s brother got screwed by douglas—no wonder he’s angry!
we need smart people like in office he can get america back on its feet
the manufacturing index rose to 59 the highest level since early 2011 and we can do much better!
great playing graeme you are a true champion!
prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country
a must read for any country or community considering wind turbines
our great country has been divided for decades sometimes you need protest in order to heel and we will heel and be stronger than ever before!
entrepreneurs see yourself as victoriouslook at the solution not the problem
excited to announce trump rio de janeiro our first south american hotel set to open in 2016
either elect more republican senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51 our country needs a good shutdown in september to fix mess!
interview discussing a budget deal my cpac2013 speech and firing
as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people!
you wont be disappointed!
makeamericaworkagain trumppence16 rncincle
will be interviewed on this morning at 7 00 thanks for the great poll results!
not even close he is just as you know a very bad copy who i profit from
i cannot believe how bad jeb bush looks with his insane answer on iraq and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse
its a trailblazing campaign a campaign that connects to people!
thankyou!!! i hope you are running for potus! got my vote!
is our only hope tcot
i look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot
yes! we love you donald!! we are behind you all the way to whitehouse!!
trump int’l palm beach offers a spectacular course with hill vistas bunkers and incredible water features
“experience knowledge and prescience are a formidable combination of powers do not underestimate any of them” think like a champion
almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool
i want to be a business woman someday ! love this show
if donald trump runs for president i will be beyond happyif he wins i will be beyond beyond happy so nice thanks!
i never went bankrupt just like buffett icahn kravis and paulson as you know!
yes a sequel to one of the biggest hits of 1990s who knew
not more beautiful than she is just soooooo beautiful! i happen to agree!
my transition team which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job will be seeing many great candidates today maga
mm is a good choice also nice guy! oscars
carl icahn donald trump is completely correct that we are in a bubble like youve never seen before
i am getting worried about chris matthews is he drinking again?
donaldtrump election2016 it will happen gop must support donald trump gop politics
should listen ana navarro has no talent no tv persona and works for bush—a total conflict of interest
great video which of these 4 polls is suspect? kudos to trump
so excited for thecelebrityapprentice cant wait to see what have in store for us this season!
i just finished a great meeting with the republican senators concerning healthcare they really want to get it right unlike ocare!
thank you maine new hampshire and iowa the waiting is over! the time for change is now! we are going to…
nbc wall st journal poll of african american voters 94 0 worse than hillarys old numbers is that racism?
with these record high gas prices what does it say about obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
i hope runs in 2016! we need new blood and mr trump is the one to do it! you will have my vote sir!
tomorrow well be going to panama for the opening of our new hotel its a fantastic building in a fantastic location
donald i am in love and admire you! run for president in 2016 and all will be well!
join me! magatoday springfield oh toledo oh geneva oh friday manchester nh lisbon me cedar rapids ia
we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term no more bushes!
others claim they can make america great again but only one knows the art of the deal it’s time for an outsider
qe3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion creates artificial numbers for short term market gains cont
just met with un secretarygeneral antónio guterres who is working hard to “make the united nations great again” when the un does more to solve conflicts around the world it means the us has less to do and we save money is doing a fantastic job!
a photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall thank you abbas!
govkasich of ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesnt watch politics or anything on television he only watches the
going now to make a major speech before some of the worlds biggest investors in dubai!
obama has missed 58 of his intelligence briefings but our president does make 100 of his fundraisers
for president 2016election
buy it turn it around and flip it as only the donald can thats what i dobut sometimes keep it
miss israel and miss lebanon no more fighting! trumpvlog missuniverse
nice looking family! of all your accomplishments your family has to be your greatest
crooked hillary clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top dws too bad bernie flamed out
thanks for your support it is very much appreciated!
what i am saying is that we never should have been in iraq in the first place bush was terrible obama is worse! make america great again
rt join live in wisconsin with gov and coach bobby knight! live https …
wronghe started it i finished it!
and jon stewart? is a very little man hiding behind lots of high priced writers without which he would be nothing!
this is not good wow one of many lies by ben carson! big story
intentional this whole narrative is a way of saving face for democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed
been here in line for two hours already reading book while waiting ill see you at noon!
watch next week!
mr trump you are the most qualified candidate this nation needs your leadership experience and wisdom trump2016
will be interviewed on at 7 20 great crowd in las vegas yesterday!
thank you for saving new york from another spitzer era we got lucky!
crooked hillary promised 200k jobs in ny and failed well create 25m jobs when im president and i will deliver!
no wonder you are smiling
looking forward to being honored with the prestigious ‘friend of israel’ award at the gala dinner
is nys best golf club a 5 star diamond award winner w/ an elite golf course and top facilities
rt under potus ☑️sampp 500 38th📈record high ☑️nasdaq 44th📈record high☑️ makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸
is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and i had zero interest now he picks antitrump panels!
run already dude!
along with a soaring bar of skybound gold pool deck overlooks the city of lights
our online store is officially open! visit to shop the latest makeamericagreatagain merchandise
our way of life is under threat by radical islam and hillary clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words
my interview from yesterday with
“part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough” by
im with you i will work hard and never let you down make america great again!
obama will be trying very hard at next debate he doesnt want to lose the boeing
healthy young child goes to doctor gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines doesnt feel good and changes autism many such cases!
i am watching the democrats trying to defend the you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan and premiums will go down obamacare lie
thanks jack and happy new year
it was my great honor to present our nations highest award for a public safety officer the medal of valor to five american heroes!
the fed should not do another stimulus we cant keep spending our childrens future away on waste
if the press can report stories from dorm years then why cant it find college and law school transcripts?
i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 pm on cnn tune in!
its boardroom time! does anyone miss celebapprentice
i loved beating john kasich in the debates but it was easy—he came in dead last!
ipsos/reuters pollthank you! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
had dinner last night at megu 845 united nations plazafabulous food beautiful restaurant
is my role model hes always right no just most of the time!
just had an amazing stay at trump tower toronto hotel suberb staff fantastic thank you will always stay trump now
thank you oregon! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain
“in this game knowledge is the key to power” think big
anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the us should look to our pastand you will doubt it no longer
rt thanks! rt you guys have one hell of a leaderboard love this tournament
we just blew it up dummy!
obamas complaints about republicans stopping his agenda are bs since he had full control for two years he can never take responsibility
you bought turnberry? you own 2 best courses/ resorts in scotland/ world now! youre a legend! get a kilt now! ill have to!
senator cryin’ chuck schumer fought hard against the bad iran deal even going at it with president obama and then voted against it! now he says i should not have terminated the deal but he doesn’t really believe that! same with comey thought he was terrible until i fired him!
i’ll be on tonight at 10 pm and look forward to it lots to discuss! enjoy
only followed from across the pond for a couple of weeks but his use of is superb manofthepeople
mexican gov doesnt want me talking about terrible border situation and horrible trade deals forcing univision to get me to stop no way!
great job on the five tonight and not only because you were so nice to the apprentice see you soon and thanks!
what house makes your cologne? im going to macys to get a few of your ties and cologne! the best! thanks!
can it just be new age that manti te’o fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
if this doctor who so recklessly flew into new york from west africahas ebolathen obama should apologize to the american people and resign!
praying continues 2 keep the repubs honest! it w/b so great 2 hv another reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 usa!
the yankees are absolutely terrible what happened to this team?
watch this clip from earlier this year time and time again i have been right about terrorism it’s time to get tough!
run for prez the country needs you!
inherited $106 trillion in national debtwill leave after his first term with the debt at over $176 trillion
new on our youtube channel today is a brand new trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of trump golf…
nick adams new book green card warrior is a must read the meritbased system is the way to go canada australia!
little marco rubio treated americas ice officers like absolute trash in order to pass obamas amnesty
will be on at 8 00 enjoy!
dont forget the celebrity apprentice sunday night at 9 pm on nbc for another surprising and exciting episode
trump himself never ever filed for bankruptcy so true thank you!
today it was my great honor to proclaim january 15 2018 as martin luther king jr federal holiday i encourage all americans to observe this day with appropriate civic community and service activities in honor of dr kings life and legacy
she’s back! champion returns to the boardroom in this year’s allstar joan is ferocious
i will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government!…
china has been laughing at the w🌏rld for a long time and will continue to do so!
you go trumpy dont back down i wont
excellent speech at sc freedom summit! you need to run!
other worthy people were taken off the list as well stupid poll should be canceled—no credibility
unemployment is up in 44 states showing julys unemployment numbers to be broad based is a job killer
tickets are now available for the 2015 at march 48
wh counsel met with irs lawyer 3x in 2012 once in september but obama just learned through news reports?
had a good point this morning on the refs are flag happy and make watching games boring
this was a great evening i would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support
our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership we cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk
obama/reid/nunns failed economic policies are not working will bring fresh perspective to solving problems gasen
james clapper who famously got caught lying to congress is now an authority on donald trump will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
the obamacare website was hacked $5b dollars later and the site can’t even secure your personal information
goofy elizabeth warren is now using the woman’s card like her friend crooked hillary see her dumb tweet “when a woman stands up to you…”
thats right hard work it is but worth it
after 5 sb victories since 2002 it was my honor to give bob kraft coach belichick and the players their first to…
“ secretary of defense chuck hagel obvious moron at conformation hearingsthe worst i have ever witnessed
you make this country great and inspire younger generations to become better you are the american story thank you beth
i am the only one that knows how to build cities pols are all talk and no action our cities need help and fast they are crumbling!
its hardly any wonder that our countrys manufacturing dominance has evaporated timetogettough cont
ivanka on now!
i would love to see the republican party and everyone get together and unifyvideo
andrew mccabe “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from m clinton puppet he was using allegedly his fbi official email account to promote her campaign you obviously cannot do this these were the people who were investigating hillary clinton”
military lives matter! end gun free zones! our soldiers must be able to protect themselves! this has to stop!
interview with coming up at 7 pm e on enjoy!
today at 1 30 pm ct i will be addressing in new orleans will focus on how to fix our great country
the washington post and cnn have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with china nothing has happened with zte except as it pertains to the larger trade deal our country has been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year with china
the real shark tank is the boardroom on !
watching senator richard blumenthal speak of comey is a joke richie devised one of the greatest military frauds in us history for
awesome news keep your focus on the issues you just might get more blue collar democrats to vote for you than reagan
is pick for the best of weddings with our vista terrace looking over the pacific ocean
after obama bailed out gm for $80 billion 7 out of 10 gm cars made in china!
good luckwork hard!
i do believe that trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration trump2016
thankssay hi to mikey
obamacare premiums are about to skyrocket again crooked h will only make it worse we will repeal and replace!
via by father of murder victim to introduce trump in phoenix
ready to gain some knowledge from multibillionaire this weekend will be nothing less than epic
i hereby demand and will do so officially tomorrow that the department of justice look into whether or not the fbi/doj infiltrated or surveilled the trump campaign for political purposes and if any such demands or requests were made by people within the obama administration!
i just listened to this speech and loved it!
trump national golf club washington dc is located on 600 acres and fronts the potomac river spectacular!
oil is under $50/barrel now is the time to increase sanctions against iran not lift them no deal is better than a bad deal artofthedeal
my interview last night with greta on the gop going el foldo
godblesstheusa🇺🇸
join me live in louisiana! tomorrow we need you to go to the polls and send john kennedy to the us senate
if president obama had crossed his stated red line in the sand the syrian disaster would have ended long ago! animal assad would have been history!
all those politicians in washington and not one good negotiator
do you notice that because of ebola isis etc obamacare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out a disaster!
good
thanks myriamstarts on sunday march 3rd at 9 pm est
happy to have just passed 13m twitter followers love communicating with everyone daily
now china calls in us diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades the new reality is weak
“i don’t think you should ever run from history you should learn from it and embrace it” coach doc rivers
i like he isnt fake he tells you the truth not what you wanna hear
i truly love this land of the free and i know that donaldtrump will cut through the confusion and make america great again!
can i get a rt for the hatzahlah charity golf outing tomorrow at trump national colts neck?
were live from studio 8h tonight snl
kimmel was way funnier than meyers i dont think i laughed once at anything seth said
heading to see the border wall prototypes in california!
it was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the united nations usaatunga🇺🇸 unga
lyin ted and kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate their donors and special interest groups are not happy with them sad!
great job kevin we are all proud of you!
bill oreilly calls trump and campaign brilliant in first place by 27 points
rt a free press is vital to protecting all americans a corrupt press damages the republic
to put on your calendar for may miss usa 2010 live from las vegas on may 16th 7 pm et on nbc ill be theretune in for a great show!
should have talked to megyn kelly about this story true a total distortion of the facts!
hillary clinton is weak and ineffective no strength no stamina
to pay open area immediately for medical help and verification another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever sick!
i cant wait to see trump 2016 all over the news ! trumpforpresident
i am encouraged by president moons assurances that he will work to level the playing field for american workers b…
people like report on my campaign but have zero access they say what they want without any knowledgetrue of so much of media!
the united states hasn’t had a trade surplus with china in 40 years they must end unfair trade take down barriers and charge only reciprocal tariffs the us is losing $500 billion a year and has been losing billions of dollars for decades cannot continue!
dont normally agree with you but it pinehurst looked like an absolute dump
obama’s china ‘climate’ deal binds america with language of ‘will’ curb emissions now while china only ‘intends’ to curb in 2030 bad deal!
part 1 of my interview discussing my $5m offer to obama trump tower atrium my tweets and 57th st crane
is my favorite twitter account thanks!
making his case in a nice and articulate manner
i am very surprised that gave up i never thought he was a quitter
big pollution during manufacturing and building process!
entrepreneurs take responsibility for yourself it’s a very empowering attitude
i am really proud of you adam ill see you soon at trump national doral!
you are my inspiration great thank you
ted cruz is a nervous wreck he is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! his poll s are way down!
serious question mr trump why dont you like because he is not good at what he does dying
school shooting in texas early reports not looking good god bless all!
just arrived in texas have been informed two officers have been shot my thoughts and prayers are with them
see isnt as bad as people think great interview with goodguy
do you think jodiarias is guilty? yes no doubt
jeb bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them also rubio is hitting him hard!
congrats on the run with the show been a staple for years on nbc thanks scott!
of chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy languagenot very professional
celebrityapprentice is only reality show thats interesting to me! plus its for charity
thedonalds hair gets the jimmyfallon treatment on thetonightshow trumppence16 so true!
if you fail once twice three times it doesnt matter learn from your mistakes and push forward to victorythe sweetest feeling there is!
how many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending smokeybearhug commercial how much is govt spending?
has spent $63000000 and is at the bottom of the polls i have spent almost nothing and am at the top win!
health insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the obamacare years plunged yesterday after i ended their dems windfall!
scottish choir coming to new york in january how would you like scottish songs sung in the foyer of trumptower new york yes!
wait to meet! donaldtrump will deliver keynote ny national deal making conference on dec 8 nyconf
im mad rushed this season they cheated the viewers/celebrities/sponsors
very productive bilateral meeting with prime minister benjamin of israel in davos switzerland! wef18
what do you think the best major to study in college is? follow your dreamsstudy what you love!
thanks to for your kind words very much appreciated
be sure to stop by trump tower today ill be signing copies of my new book time to get tough from 11 am to 2 pm
no surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating obamas win they love a weak america that they can rip off
the ultimate vacation destination sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind
my persona will never be that of a wallflower i’d rather build walls than cling to them donald j trump
while i have never met of the ny times i consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits he has no sense of the real world!
intl course in scotland ian andrew proclaims the robe the best ive ever worn thats awesome thx
is unveiling a tourism plan in disney world on thursday
fact without texas and states reaping the fracking boom obama’s job record would go from bad to worse!
go president trump! many canadians up here are behind you totally!
and i are looking forward to watching speech tonight she is an amazing woman who will be a great first lady!
makeamericagreatagain trump2016video
tries so hard to be a star but he just doesnt have what it takesand he never will
happy lá fheile phadraig to all of my great irish friends!
after years of long stops then starts why did dopey eric scheiderman tell people in the trump org this case is going awaywe have no case
do you notice that the polling establishment doesnt put me in polls but put in folks who hardly register make america great again!
thanks eileen!
we are excited to announce trump estates at akoya by damac luxury villas situated bytrump int’l golf links dubai
thank you pastor robert jeffress! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
everyone knows i am right that robert pattinson should dump kristen stewart in a couple of years he will thank me be smart robert
via by donald trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to israel
as a show of support for our armed forces i will be going to the armynavy game today looking forward to it should be fun!
melania and i are hosting japanese prime minister shinzo abe and mrs abe at maralago in palm beach fla they are a wonderful couple!
now that the witch hunt has given up on russia and is looking at the rest of the world they should easily be able to take it into the midterm elections where they can put some hurt on the republican party don’t worry about dems fisa abuse missing emails or fraudulent dossier!
i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the american dream back!
everyone loves tv’s darling but wait until you see her tough and competitive side in the upcoming
just got back to new york from california will be on fox and friends tomorrow morning at 700 obamacare and other disasters to be discussed
are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? pick up a trump suit look your best!
youve got my vote for anything im ready to go to work! thank you
trump golf links at ferry point is a jack nicklaus signature design 18 hole course just minutes from manhattan
tomorrow in dc 1 pm west front lawn of the capitol not even believable that we would do this deal with iran
am i morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? i dont think so!
be careful of an obama bomb to win election! would be a horrible thing to do
via by “trump inches closer to a decision”
heading to north carolina for two big rallies will be there soon we will bring jobs back where they belong!
ted cruz has now apologized to marco rubio and ben carson for fraud and dirty tricks no wonder he has lost evangelical support!
cant wait for to fold which under graydon carter will be sooner rather than later
my thoughts on the oreilly factor and more here
i disdain you with every fiber of my being thank you!
today it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of southwest airlines flight 1380 at the
barack obamas delivery on saturday night was excellentcute mention of trumpand i am flattered to be mentioned
golf bookings for next season on scottish course are already double our projections for april opening—great news
save medicare vote for he will repeal obamacare on day one
being true to yourself equals being true to your brand thats the solid foundation that stands the test of time midas touch
he must go people like him r destroying our country and our principals! re lightweight ag schneiderman
tune in tonight at 9 pm on tv one for the ultimate merger starring the one and only omarosa and twelve brave bachelors
ive learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success jack welch
vegas’ top destination is a 64story tower of golden glass what goes on there stays there!
people in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like crooked hillary will not win it is time for change and jobs!
factobama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the cia or dod too busy i guess!
i agreebut what have you done lately? more than ever before!
is the man! he gets things done! america is lost and donald trump is the savior we have all been praying for!
thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on tv also keep up the great work!
“ to host 63rd annual via by
hey donald is this actually you tweeting or just an assistant? me!
home of the 2022 trump nat’l bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect tom fazio
passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement
it was 25 years ago today that pan am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people released the terrorist!
youre a true inspiration and leader you would make an excellent potus! thanks
donald you are my best inspiration to be successful
lovely interview mr trump! thanks
the oscar broadcast is really boring where is the glamour and beauty?
just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the socalled russia story on nbc and abc such dishonesty!
love the ties!! great selection of colours they are a big hit thanks
watch my video blog to see if your questions from my facebook page were answered
you are a king maker don! true!
not me i predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy i now tell people it is a great time to buy
will be on at 7 00 5 minutes
“donald trump to name golf course after mother” via
red course redesign is underway will be completed in september follow all the develo pm ents
saw the facebook specs for the new trump tower in dubai looking good!! thanks
the writer of the now proven false story in the michael barbaro who was interviewed on cbs this morning was unable to respond
ive helped pass and signed 38 legislative bills mostly with no democratic support and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations nice!
my only wish in life is a follow back or a tweet from you your my idol my inspiration! have fun!
opec is better off than they were 4 years ago gas has more than doubled during term outrageous!
is the real deal hes not running for his health believes in the red white and blue
fantastic job on tonight is a winner!
im 18 years old from florida and just registered to vote you got my vote in the primaries! thanks
obamacare/romneycare architect gruber was paid over $6m with our tax dollars yet obama only claims he ‘was some adviser’
will do thanks
with all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy obama should be down by 12 pointsand hes not
our countrys leaders should have listened to you thanks to them ebola is now a household name in america
if republican senate doesnt get rid of the filibuster rule and go to a simple majority which the dems would do they are just wasting time!
saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing im a gay republican announce!
i love the cast this season
going to the citadel tonight getting the nathan hale patriot award very nice!
also great comeback by the new york jets that game was over until a really dumb defensive play by tampa amazing
obamacare not only has brought higher premiums decreased care and loss of jobs but now 1 q1 growth repeal before it is too late!
i think the sign matches the personality of the structure bold but classy what’s wrong with knuckleheadsinthemedia
thanks matthew!
washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on solyndra type loans yet they want to cut military spending
“what counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight its the size of the fight in the dog” dwight d eisenhower
great news are starting their own super pac to fight via go get em!
everyone loves new look snl
via trump joins with chandler in bid to attract events
“msnbcs touré has epic racebaiting meltdown on cnn” its toures modus operandi he is so angry
will be interviewed by on at 10 00 am
nonexistent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates michael a fine person with a wonderful family michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who i have always liked and respected most people will flip if the government lets them out of trouble even if
is on point with his tweets about the oscars tonight hilarious!
looks like another great day for the stock market consumer confidence is at record high i guess somebody likes me my policies!
enjoy dear donaldyou are the maximum expression of real generosity
president trump trump2016
best looking building in chicago we enjoyed our stay greatly i like the new trump addition
crooked hillary clinton just cant close the deal with bernie i had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates hillary doesnt have it
like it or not our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! makeamericagreatagain
looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now!! god bless you and yours
wow television ratings just out 31 million people watched the inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
sampp 500 edges higher after trump re news jobs pledge
entrepreneurs learn to trust yourself being an entrepreneur is not a group effort
so dont forget to enter the serta counting sheep for hire contest! wwwyoutubecom/user/mattressserta
id like to call jeb a liar but the truth is he has no clue and never revealed that he used eminent domain when criticizing me! 1/2
join me live in moon township pennsylvania at 7 00 pm e great crowd for a maga rally!
nobody will protect our nation like donald j trump our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong illegals out!
these islamists chop americans’ heads off and want to destroy us we should be applauding the cia not persecuting them
i am very supportive of the senate healthcarebill look forward to making it really special! remember obamacare is dead
is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from iraq w/o having a fully prepared iraqi army wrong they could never do it!
remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you’re expanding your net worth
id rather be golfing with
has just been awarded the aaa five diamond award congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work
russia has more warheads than ever n korea is testing nukes and iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs thanks
and we will get it back once we have president trump! cant wait!
was terrible on face the nation today being at 2 and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence a basket case!
like the worthless looks like will be going out of business bad reporting no money no cred!
word is that despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads i had a massive victory in florida numbers out soon!
a terrible situation
thanks country is in trouble
is having a poll cast your vote for me at
unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years great news for workers and jobs jobs jobs! maga
tell your son congratsgreat round on really tough course
one of my all time favorite episodes of fresh prince is the one with classic
remember negotiations are fluid remain calm and don’t settle easily if you have the goods you will ultimately win
if donald trump runs in 2016 i will donate my time to campaign for him trump for president!!! we need great leadership!
i would rather donald trump be the president than jeb bush would do a much better job!
i believe that crooked hillary sent bill to have the meeting with the usag so bill is not in trouble with h except that he got caught!
youve really got the world by the ass dont you? says letterman to classic
i find hope in the darkest of days and focus in the brightest dalai lama
chance favors the prepared mind louis pasteur
via by “poll trump has twice the support of bush in new hampshire”
dangerweiner is a free man at 12 01am he will be back sexting with a vengeance all women remain on alert
if you read my last number of tweets only one opinion can be formed that our president and therefore leader is grossly incompetent!
yes it will be amazing
ms13 gang members are being removed by our great ice and border patrol agents by the thousands but these killers come back in from el salvador and through mexico like water el salvador just takes our money and mexico must help more with this problem we need the wall!
we will fight the fake news with you!
obamacare premiums increasing 33 in pennsylvania a complete disaster it must be repealed and replaced!…
hopefully the house of representatives can hold our country together for four more yearsstay strong and never give up!
thank you for always treating her with love and respect
remember i said derek dont sell your trump world tower apartmentits been lucky for you the day after he sold it he broke his foot
because piers won celebrity apprentice and is wonderfuland i just started with twitter
awesome
maybe obama?
the era of strategic patience with the north korea regime has failed that patience is over we are working closely…
thank you american legion post 610 for hosting and i for a roundtable with labor leaders laborday maga
i encourage everyone in the path of hurricaneirma to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials!
and they knew exactly what i said and meant they just wanted a story fake news !
hillary says things cant change i say they have to change its a choice between americanism and her corrupt globalism imwithyou
are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the dnc illegally gave hillary the questions to the debate?
this sundays allstar features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season get ready
designed by trump golf links at ferry points 18hole course sits by the bronxs whitestone bridge
henry mcmaster lt governor of south carolina who endorsed me beat failed announcer bakari sellers so badly funny!
“get to the essence immediately learn to economize people appreciate brevity in today’s world” – think like a champion
my husband was upset trump ties and shirts nowhere to be found i our local macys! go to
will be tough as they were with ? not sure no way they will be very gentle!
the senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about taxes
weekly jobless claims are up once again the economy cannot recover with obama in office
even though i have the legal right to use steven tyler’s song he asked me not to have better one to take its place!
“america is the experiment that works” – president ronald reagan
entrepreneurs learn to be succinct can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? be clear and concise
wow word seems to be coming out that the obama fbi “spied on the trump campaign with an imbedded informant” andrew mccarthy says “there’s probably no doubt that they had at least one confidential informant in the campaign” if so this is bigger than watergate!
just arrived in mississippi for the rally word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive will be an amazing evening!
final fourtrump cruz walker carson wild card fiorina
rt make america great again! trump2016
you have to admit was correct valhalla much better course to the eye than pinehurst notamuni so true!
crooked hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina isis china russia and all would love for her to be president 4 more years!
i bought a couple beautiful ties at today guaranteed to look sharp this week
negotiations on daca have begun republicans want to make a deal and democrats say they want to make a deal wouldn’t it be great if we could finally after so many years solve the daca puzzle this will be our last chance there will never be another opportunity! march 5th
todays open call drew thousands of eager applicants it was an impressive group i enjoyed meeting them weve got some great candidates!
congratulations to and for receiving the five diamond award again this year!
many more republican voters showed up yesterday than the fake news thought possible the political pundits just don’t get what is going on out there or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! remember dems are high tax high crime easy to beat!
congratulations to my friend david wright of the who is now their alltime hitting leader
why would kim jongun insult me by calling me old when i would never call him short and fat? oh well i try so hard to be his friend and maybe someday that will happen!
i was never a fan or defender of bush
“donald trump karl rove has done ashley judd a favor” via
you look amazing! thank you
video in honor of the 100th anniversary of the antidefamation league adl “imagine a world without hate”
this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind!
cant wait for 2016!!!! america needs you!!!! trump2016 thank you what a mess our country is in
saw show on ivanka fox news very good she is a great role modellike you thank you!
the loses money a deduction and gives owner power to screw public on low taxation of big tax shelter
heres to a safe and happy independence day for one and all enjoy it! donald j trump
the mens team has better flavors of pies interested to see who wins! celebapprentice
great!
a tough week was had by but hes come back from adversity before
thanks owen
this will be a very interesting day for healthcarethe dems are obstructionists but the republicans can have a great victory for the people!
ive got news for president obama america is not whats wrong with the world timetogettough
brian wrote a wonderful book called george washingtons secret six that is truly worth reading
why dont you just run for president?! you would have my vote!!
when are you announcing?
the donald trump ratings bump whos benefiting most?
fox news sunday with chris wallace will be rebroadcast on at 6 00 pm
with 50 days until the election it is timetogettough for and
i love bill gates and warren buffet and donald trump i so love them you have good taste!
joe biden said that the taliban is not our enemy i wonder how our troops in afghanistant that are under attack view bidens statement
we shall make america great again
a clip of my upcoming interview with discussing timetogettough and the islamist winter
china is neither an ally or a friendthey want to beat us and own our country
tremendous victory in trump university case vs lightweight got the news ! saw this coming thx
amazing! trump tennis facility in loudoun county is gorgeous!! anything this man does he does it right
i dont know putin have no deals in russia and the haters are going crazy yet obama can make a deal with iran 1 in terror no problem!
with almost 13 million followers and rising really fast everyone is asking me to critique thingsand people finally i will be a critic
memorial service today for beautiful and incredible heather heyer a truly special young woman she will be long remembered by all!
fact – all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us they just dont get caughtstupid!
great! last night winner and alumni packed oh stadium rallying w/
today new iowa poll finds trump in the lead by double digits trump16
brainpower is the ultimate leverage keep your focus intact!
my condolences to dwyane wade and his family on the loss of nykea aldridge they are in my thoughts and prayers
well done biloxigreat display of southern pride and hospitality at event fired up and ready to go!!
china has so much of our debt that they cant put us in default w/o killing themselvesus needs our toughest negotiatorand fast!
incredible experience at the world famous mar a lago club😄happy new year
whats wrong with everyone mr trump will kick ass as president economy will flourish thanks and true!
i am honored that the great men and women of the have created a movement from within called teamsters for trump! thank you
news max is a great news org and and its pres debate in ia on 1227 will be fair balanced and informative
our passion for is amazing!
some dope said i deleted a tweet about james g there was no tweet and there was no deletea totally fabricated story nobody saw tweet
no he shouldnt but donald trump should trump4potus
your not free youll never be free youll be back if you ever left because you cant help yourself!
big night on celebrity apprentice tonight important starts at 10 pm as scheduled but nbc just increased all future episodes to 2 hours!
the rallies in utah and arizona were great! tremendous crowds and spirit just returned but will be going back soon
thanks cheryl
happy birthday matt
rt thank you angie phillips for inviting me to tour your plant middletown tube works ohio
entrepreneurs having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice theres nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface
good luck on your umpteenth season from the show producer of show 1
i will be doing fox and friends at 7 am this morning
such a beautiful and important evening! the forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again we will all come together as never before
are you supporting chinese child labor? only at the masters!
you got my vote thanks
the problem with the us is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future every nation beats us!
isis is starting its own currency may be stronger than the dollar if obamacare is fully implemented
wow circulation in nh has dropped from 75000 to around 10—bad management no wonder they begged me for ads
looks like i was right about nato i had no doubt
what a shame that ratings have sunk even lower in 2013 prime time down 50 are cont
go on the daily show then and prove yourself i would triple his ratingsnice no
fiscal mismanagement of cash costing us taxpayer billionscut fraud and waste before cutting funding for seniors
is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down scotland’s throat –hes hated for it
please keep telling all of america that jobs jobs jobs are important to us because you are right!!!
great job on kellyfile now im busting to know if ur running! ! 👍👍👊👊😰
awwww what a wonderful thing to say about our fearless leader trump 2016!
i have never loved a candidate as much as i love i cant wait for him to make america great again! nice!
matt the statement about pinehurst looking like a local community golf courseawful was not made by me but tweeted to me
call rosie odonnell to help youshe cant help herself shes sad angry and pathetic!
only 36 days until the election needs to stay on offense make obamas terrible record the issue timetogettough
watch this amazing ad from and learn the signs…
tbt a picture of my fantastic father and myself best teacher in the world! a great father’s day…
i will be in washington dc tomorrow to receive the 2014 joseph wharton award at the wharton club of dc—a great honor!
if the fbi or doj was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign that is a really big deal only the release or review of documents that the house intelligence committee also senate judiciary is asking for can give the conclusive answers drain the swamp!
todays announcement by on immigration was done for reelection he is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool
it is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position
approvals of the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines also look at the recent epa cancelations and our great new supreme court justice!
weak jeb getting thrown out by management during speech do you think he will be this tough on putin and others?
i agree! mt doctor on agreed we should not bring ebola into country in two patients bring docs to them
coming up on
the tax cut bill is coming along very well great support with just a few changes some mathematical the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well!
the administration now claims to have done everything to reduce gas prices what about keystone?
re pm ikekelly great job on this morning thank you for the nice words!
thank you nevada! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain username realdonaldtrump
you need to overcome the tug of people against yod.c.ou reach for high goalsgeneral george s patton
little marco rubio is just another washington dc politician that is all talk and no action robotrubio
paymybillschallenge i nominate you
glad to hear mariano rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013 he is a true sportsman and a great competitor
you have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! trump2016 thanks
thanks and say hi to your son!
fake news cnn and nbc are going out of their way to disparage our great first responders as a way to get trump not fair to fr or effort!
checked your wallet lately mr ailes?
the establishment doesnt like you because they cant control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off
we should remember that during this entire petraeus episodeover 50 of our nations bravest have died in afghanistan
no surprise woman being cited by kerry and mccain on syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels
damac and trump organization are developing a 2nd trump golf course trump world golf club dubai at akoya oxygen!
runtrump kick their a and get it on the right track
the evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather—boring and too many other topics
makeamericagreatagain!
it was a great honor to be with president of france this afternoon with his delegation great bilateral meeting! unga
thank you tampa florida! americafirst trumptrain
rt the mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public theyve failed to represent ha…
and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to feds hiring obamacare exchange temps! good question ?
everything coming from this administration is a lie only will change it
at least 24 players kneeling this weekend at nfl stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up the american public is fed up with the disrespect the nfl is paying to our country our flag and our national anthem weak and out of control!
love the proposed changes for trump turnberrys ailsa course thanks it will be fantastic!
us froze $8b in iranian assets during ’79 hostage crisis now obama is giving it back to iran while christian pastor is jailed dont do it!
thank you michigan! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
great meeting today! trumpgolf trumpnationalcharlotte 1stclass
a great honor to sign the veterans appeals improvement and modernization act into law w/
please oh please take the charlotte nc speech across the swing states sooo powerful good!
way more substance than you know best negotiator in the world iran wouldnt get nukes for sure
icymi “raw video donald trump speaks at rep steve stepaneks amherst reception” via
is having wonderful ratings once again i am very proud of this season
run for president clear cut stop the nonsense of current fools
“apparently the doj put a spy in the trump campaign this has never been done before and by any means necessary they are out to frame donald trump for crimes he didn’t commit” david asman really bad stuff!
so sad to see the terror attack in paris at some point countries will have to open their eyes and see what is really going on this kind of sickness and hatred is not compatible with a loving peaceful and successful country! changes to our thought process on terror must be made
carly fiorina i agree! ted cruz is just another politician all talk no action!
and i look forward to itbig crowd
las vegas most elite destination has 64 stories of golden glass and offers ultimate luxury
my fellow tea party friends in ohiomake sure you take advantage of early voting so you can gotv election day know you can! must win ohio
jon huntsman called to see me i said no he gave away our country to china!
new home sales reach a 10 year high stock market has more record gains hopefully republican senators will give us the much needed tax cuts to keep it all going! democrats want big tax increases
only tell the political truththanks
where’s the leadership? obama only met with sebelius once since obamacare passed his signature legislation
thank you to our great police chiefs and sheriffs for your leadership and service you have a true friend in the…
on the shores of lake norman presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course
thank you john
the white house is running very smoothly despite phony witch hunts etc there is great energy and unending stamina both necessary to get things done we are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! fake news is going “bonkers!”
no more massive injections tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time over time
watch me tonight at 9 pm et on full hour won before taking over larry kings slot should be interesting
in standing by i was also representing many people who have addiction problems and are working hard to come back
new sugar deal negotiated with mexico is a very good one for both mexico and the us had no deal for many years which hurt us badly
watched the roast of you took those jokes like a champ what a good sport! im voting for you now great
druggie is now scheming to sue the he will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time
“success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character” arnold palmer
your story is a total fraud i agree!
“i have a very strict gun control policy if theres a gun around i want to be in control of it” clint eastwood
the united states must at long last be treated fairly on trade if we charge a country zero to sell their goods and they charge us 25 50 or even 100 percent to sell ours it is unfair and can no longer be tolerated that is not free or fair trade it is stupid trade!
is holding taiwans request for 66 advanced f16s wrong message to send to china
“consumer confidence in february highest since november 2000”
run baby run!!! we need you!
i was on the today show this morning and then visited regis kelly the celebrity apprentice starts this sunday night—don’t miss it!
via intl business times jeb bush got $13m job at lehman after florida shifted pension cash to bank
via by trump adds events to his iowa trip next month
“russians had no compromising information on donald trump” of course not because there is none and never was this whole witch hunt is an illegal disgraceand obama did nothing about russia!
whose artwork was your favorite— and what team do you think will win? celebapprentice
the federal deficit crossed $15trillion 100 of our gdp yet the super committee cant find $12trillion i… cont
china is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports we need to rein them in
no surpriseobamas deputy campaign manager tweeted link from chinese propaganda outlet did she also write it?
mike flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt excuse for big election loss by media and dems of historic proportion!
new cnn/wmur new hampshire poll just released thank you! fitn trump2016
for someone who demanded 20 years of mitts tax returns you would think my offer to donate $5m to charity for his records is an easy go
republicans should have been much tougher on obama just wait until you see what obama does to romney at the dnc!
was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world bringing tremendous business to scotland
night loser!
excellent service doral thanld
prime minister is very foolish in giving so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying scotland
china is buying our shale and gas fields and obama still won’t approve keystone pathetic!
the very outdated filibuster rule must go budget reconciliation is killing rs in senate mitch m go to 51 votes now and win its time!
thanks is great!
via by “ giving back is a priority for me”
lolo jones our beautiful olympic athlete wants to remain a virgin until she gets marriedshe is great
as a cashier a big mistake by celebapprentice
to all americans🇺🇸
a great honor to host the champion new england at the white house today congratulations!…
i cant wait to watch the new apprentice nbc @ 9 00 pm tonight
congratulations to for receiving the certificate of excellence and top 10 hotels in panama from
so funny to watch fake news networks among the most dishonest groups of people i have ever dealt with criticize sinclair broadcasting for being biased sinclair is far superior to cnn and even more fake nbc which is a total joke
amtrak crash near philadelphia train derails many hurt some badly our country has horrible infrastructure problems pols cant solve!
find something you love doingyou have to have passion for your work then work hard and keep focused good luck!
a great honor to welcome president juan manuel santos of colombia to the white house today!🇺🇸🇨🇴joint press conf➡️…
thank you iowa see you soon! trump2016 imwithyou
id vote trumphes strong he said first id build a wall at border fire weaklings in dc too !
so glad im able to vote now so if runs for president i can vote for him
lyin crooked hillarys email stories all have one thing in common
as i predicted obama already caught lying on ocare enrollment by cbo who’s sticking w/ “6 million enrollments”
thousands of emails from folks urging me to seek the americans elect presidential nomination
thankswork hard and good luck
iacaucus caucusfortrump icaucused ivoted
entrepreneurs brainpower is the ultimate leverage dont underestimate yourself or your possibilities
via oakland county high schoolers have chance to win $1000 scholarship and meet donald trump
goofy elizabeth warren who may be the least productive senator in the us senate must prove she is not a fraud without the con its over
today i am working on my big surprise for the convention everyone will love it
is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? big mistake by an incompetent judge!
with americas debt topping $21t by the end of his presidency obama will have effectively bankrupted our country
i was on cnbc this morning talking about the market and americas financial future
great that pres o is seeing today—lots of good things can happen
president donald j trump proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as policeweekproclamation➡️…
“some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them” anonymous
make sure to have fun and celebrate nye with friends and family happy new year everyone!
word is that is firing sleepy eyes chuck todd in that his ratings on meet the press are setting record lows hes a real loser!
will be interviewed by on tonight at 10 pm from pennsylvania enjoy! trump2016
who had the best donald trump halloween costumekelly ripa lara spencer or mario batali?
romney strongly stated in one of the debates with pres obama that russia is the big problem obama scoffed mitt was 100 correct!
donald j trumps history of empowering women bigleaguetruth
just like they don’t want to solve the daca problem why didn’t the democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the house and senate during the obama administration because they didn’t want to and now they just talk!
remember when ran for governor of california she got 3 votes
erin burnett who has no ratings on cnn in prime time now wants more money to move to the morning slot should say no way
why cant this president do anything right? hes such a disaster! a fair question!
“partner with people who share your values attitude and drive” – midas touch with
via “donald trump issues statement regarding $5 million lawsuit against bill maher”
congratulations to my friend on winning the big golf tournament today!
great to see tony la russa manage one last game last night congratulations to the national league on winning the allstar game
rt i thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when i voted i…
everything in dubai learn from emirates rebound says via by
i look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this memorial day at arlington national cemetery later this morning
we need much tougher much smarter leadership and we need it now!
yay cant wait donald you are so cool and so are you thanks!
discussing syrianrefugees with on back on 10/3/2015 isis
wow! that was some fine initiated political arguments u had right there trump2016
the great state of arizona where i just had a massive rally amazing people has a very weak and ineffective senator jeff flake sad!
plz plz run our country has gone to hellwe need a smart business icon no more political liars!
give him time! you grew into gotta get into your groove betterhappensoon
and the donald owes nothing to lobbyists
it doesnt cost any money to think bigger the art of the deal
if the people of massachusetts found out what an ineffective senator goofy elizabeth warren has been she would lose!
hillaryclinton she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists terrorists ohme
downtown manhattan’s trendiest hotel 46 stories of luxurious rooms fine dining and the spa
standing in front of wind turbines is sad rachel windmills are terrible for the environment—
looking like my 5 victories on tuesday will be just as good as if i won ohio two more days and ohio was mine!
sirius national news at 7 30 am steve bannon
mr trump the only one telling the truth liberals cant stand the fact that your are leading in the poll
we negotiated a ceasefire in parts of syria which will save lives now it is time to move forward in working constructively with russia!
the entire village of blackdog in scotland protested to the council last night about the ugly windmills
here i am with wwehof
the national debt continues to rise at record levels and today is in disney world he lives in a fantasy
ive said it before ill say it again the turn down service at the is the best in the world thank you!
interesting…the last time a democrat succeeded a twoterm democratic pres was in 1836 when martin van buren succeeded andrew jackson
trump national golf club los angeles will be the host in october for the
missing my days at trumpwinery is my hero thank you
who is watching with me? celebapprentice
will be on howard stern at 645 am and the today show at 800 am
i wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the united states as they watch the disgusting and out of control baltimore riots?
rt very proud of arabella and joseph for their performance in honor of president xi jinping and madame peng liyuans official…
via by nia sanchez crowned as 63rd
our $17t national debt and $1t yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order
i am voting for to win he is not as slimy as i thought he has integrity and does not lie
dummyi never went bankrupt
get in get it done get it done right and get out donald trump actually told to me by my father fred trump
i do!
today it was my honor to join the great men and women of and at the us customs and border protection national targeting center in sterling virginia fact sheet
first wwe hall of famer to become president?
i find the photos of these children killed in newtown in the new york post heartbreaking angels
a beautiful addition to my citys skyline and great dining!! thanks for making chicago more beautiful than ever!! thank you
it was great spending time with yesterday she has done a fantastic job for the people of iowa and us will see her again!
via by “trump gop on edge of winning big and forcing obama to act”
arod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs arod misrepresented to th… cont
is this what we want for a president?
beautiful macleod house and lodge offers luxurious accommodations and dining w/ sea views
hands off we need him as president here in ireland he has the golf club here so thats a start!!!! cute!
exciting news —after massive construction the blue monster at trump national doral is open for business today
big wins in west virginia and nebraska get ready for november crooked hillary who is looking very bad against crazy bernie will lose!
go out and buy crippled america how to make america great again doing really well great thanksgiving or christmas present!
ive been saying donald trump for prez since 2nd gradei am your biggest fan look i met u
2day is coachlombardi 100th bday! research him and learn how to be a trueleader great coach!
this is why we need a real leader in the white house trump2016
president obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it be cool move slowly and think! iran
will be meeting at 9 00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in america i want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
dem memo fbi did not disclose who the clients were the clinton campaign and the dnc wow!
is the worstthey go to their dumb onesided panels when a podium speaker is for trump! vast majority want make america great again!
last night in phoenix i read the things from my statements on charlottesville that the fake news media didnt cover fairly people got it!
all im asking is for to tweet me
i don’t know why the keep paying arod—they have a perfect out
what a great night thank you south carolina a special place with truly amazing people! love
while i believe i will clinch before cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race!
trump i love the tea party they love me via cross posted on
what happened to the pledge? walker quits and slams trump losers proving pledge was sham
“congressman schiff omitted and distorted key facts” so what else is new he is a total phony!
univision wants to back out of signed contract because i exposed the terrible trade deals that the us makes with mexico
dont underestimate yourself or your possibilitieskeep your focus intact and focus on the positives
thank you gln!
successbytrump here’s a photo from my appearance at herald square with
another attack in london by a loser terroristthese are sick and demented people who were in the sights of scotland yard must be proactive!
love the celebapprentice flashback! the winners are always the good people who dont play dirty donald keeps it classy
thanks dirksmy honor
massive crowd in vt tonight venue not big enough officials say no to outside event and sound system arrive early!
congratulations to for being honored with a twostar rating again this year!
“dem candidates are all folks who vote with me” – barack obama describing all democrat senate candidates
run donald run!!!!
best properties all over the world!
its a celebapprentice night!!!! wonder who will fire
mark okay with me but dont start your bullshit again!
oscar pistorious is guilty as hell!
rt trump is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health?
poor jeb i couldve sworn i saw him outside trump tower the other day!
will create 2 million new jobs if elected potus if reelected will create over $12t in new debt easy choice
hillary and obamas broken promises repealobamacare
the feds reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come the fed has to be reined in or we will soon be greece
dont assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt – think like a billionaire
will be interviewed by on at 10 pm tonight enjoy!
where is the outrage for this disney book? is this the star of david also? dishonest media! frozen
mitt but stuart stevens was terrible
do you believe is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
the tragedy in newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile must appreciate every minute!
trump offers $5 million for obama college passport records by
terrible wind farms are provided permits by the us government which causes the programmatic killing of bald eagles
it was so great being in nebraska last week today is the big dayget out and vote!
your a gentlemen ben but not our next president
going to ohio home of one of the worst presidential candidates in historykasich cant debate loves obamacaredummy!
i passed your aberdeen golf course looks amazing! thanks!
we cannot let the failing republican establishment who could not stop obama twice ruin the movement with millions of $s in false ads!
great job on today very wise indeed!
the new black panthers are back at the same philly polling station from 08 dont let them intimidate you!
must have been drunk when she married russell brand – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
we blow up the famous blue monster at trump national doral onmonday in order to build a spectacular new bigger and better blue monster!
rep steve scalise of louisiana a true friend and patriot was badly injured but will fully recover our thoughts and prayers are with him
the legendary will be asking me questions about the presidential campaign on at 6 30 pm
it is time for dc to protect the american worker not grant amnesty to illegals let’s make america great again!
i would 100 recommend everyone watch all of vines
mark zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy my advice? get a prenup!
only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to makeamericagreatagain🇺🇸…
i hope newtown ct can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy!
once again does a great job on fox news w/ greta run for president! rt im a huge fan!!! thank you!
a very interesting read unfortunately so much is true
donald trump i would simplify tax code as president
great poll thank you america! once we draintheswamp together we will maga🇺🇸 debate
i saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm
tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit after the audit no problem!
really enjoyed my stay at trump soho this weekend your staff there is super polite and hospitable great
i was in your hotel in chicago today one of the most amazing buildings ive ever seen! thank you
sunset reflects on tower in las vegas what a view!
cant wait for the opening of your new hotel in the old post office building in dc we know it will be fabulous! thank you
the us once again condemns the brutality of the north korean regime as we mourn its latest victim video
trumpvlog will our brave soldiers catch ebola?
my prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible florida shooting no child teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an american school
i am thinking about changing the name fake news cnn to fraud news cnn!
usmc sgt tahmooressi has now been held in mexican jail for over 150 days when will obama call for his release? freeourmarine
the american people have waited long enough there has been enough talk and no action for seven years now is the time for action!
rt what?! is speaking at cpac2013? this conference just became like a hundred times more awesome!
had a great time on inaugural 7 pm show congrats to greta on the new spot!
very good must be tough!
rt congratulations fox has 15 of the top 20 shows with and leading the pack at 1st and 2n…
that is absolutely spectacular although for the trumps its called normal amazing job thank you
as i always said the birthers were after the truth thanks to cant hide anymore
i think trump vs clinton would be huge
you are correct eliana!
major rescue operations underway!
my trumptuesday interview discussing qe3 leaked comments middle east and us oil capability
i consider my health stamina and strength one of my greatest assetsthe world has watched me for many years and can so testifygreat genes!
donald trump needs to run for president youll have my vote when you decide to run for office thank you
additionally ranked as the 1 program in the 911 pm time period with adults in the 2554 age group
clinton campaign and dnc paid for research that led to the antitrump fake news dossier the victim here is the president
bigleaguetruth
the only thing i asked for as xmas gifts this year are a presidential campaign and a bofa! trump2016
a lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with obama’s lack of transparency i dont blame them
if you want to know about hillary clintons honesty and judgment ask the family of ambassador stevens
my interview re muslim brotherhood taking over egypt our vast natural gas resources and us tax system
why??? do you know how difficult storing/harnessing wind generated energy is? impossible
better run for president in 2016 so i can vote for him conservativepride thanks!
“trump brand expands to south america the donald lends his name to luxury tower in uruguay” via
put this on your calendar the celebrity apprentice live finale is this sunday at 9 pm on nbc who will be the next celebrity apprentice?
haha i dont even live in america but it would be awesome to see you president lol
“you should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services i do it all the time” – think like a billionaire
is more than an entrepreneur hes an american iconand will definitely get my vote in 2016 thank you!
i know a lot of people dont like listening to him but he speaks the truth so true!
via by “trump waiting to see who runs in 2016”
we are bringing back our factories we are bringing back our jobs and we are bringing back those four beautiful words made in the usa!
free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation but for life satisfaction arthur c brooks
thankyou for supporting our marineheldinmexico freeourmarine yes obama could do something
will be on at 7 00 am
great listening session with ceos of the retail industry leaders association this morning!
happy birthday bernice
please run for president youre the best weve got and i will vote for you in 2016
so far the hurricane is being handled very well in ny not nearly as bad as stated on news lets see what happens later
the ows protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99 time for them to go home!
doing greta tonight i bet her husband is pissed at you ! yes but she is very happy!
this is how it starts obama is now threatening to use an executive order for gun control welcome to his 2nd term
congressional black caucus chairman emanuel cleaver is right budget is a nervous breakdown on paper
great interview ranks just above the interview
my acquisition of the doral in maimi will be a major success for the trump organization the rebuilding is on schedule
be ready for problems you’ll have them every day so keep things in perspective ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?
seans interview with bob woodward on was very interestingwoodward was great
you are a rockstar! no just someone who wants to see things done right but thanks!
is a true model hard work and dedication money and attitude ltlt and unsotppable force wow thank you!
i gotta have in the white house thatd be such a game changer
thank you to the lgbt community! i will fight for you while hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs
just arrived in wisconsin to discuss jobs jobs jobs! maga🇺🇸
thank you arizona! see you soon! makeamericagreatagain
will be in missouri today with melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman phyllis s!
no but i hate incompetence
just found out i won the rockingham county republican booth straw poll at the deerfield fair in new hampshire this past weekend 39 wow!
deepest condolences to the families and fellow officers of the va state police who died today youre all among the best this nation produces
the today show should call me about who to put on the show— i know more about people who get ratings than anyone
help save the lives of our troopsour vets suffering from tbi/pts need treatment donate to
find out where to votetrump on caucus night in iowa on 2/1/16! iacaucus fitn trump2016
and if you love what you do it doesnt feel like work! 100 trueits like a vacation!
i won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins and so where did you find that dumb panel
there have been 17 shutdowns since 1976 14 under reagan and bush with democrat congresses who wanted more spending
“having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice our ego gives us a sense of purpose” – think like a champion
rt i will be interviewed on tomorrow morning at 7 00 enjoy!
people not interviewed including clinton herself comey stated under oath that he didnt do thisobviously a fix? where is justice dept?
my int on on how to defeat isis obama losing ground to isis and making america great again!
visited trump international scotland yesterday amazing golf course hole18 scotland trumpgolf thanks
stopped by my office to say hello a great guy!
i hope your book is better than the obama second book but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me but no big deal boring!
every dollar spends costs $140 with interest borrowed from china on our children and grandchildrens backs cutcapbalance!
fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in key west florida thank you!
stock market has increased by 52 trillion dollars since the election on november 8th a 25 increase lowest unemployment in 16 years and
on was certainly an entertaining start to my morning good!
democrats slam gop healthcare proposal as obamacare premiums and deductibles increase by over 100 remember keep your doctor keep your plan?
the people at shouldtrumpruncom have got it right! how are our factories supposed to compete with china and other countries
the job plan by is nothing more than a second stimulus the first failed and so will this one
great new numbers thank you! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
im an activist so im used 2 that and i always applaud interestbut the people i know admire trump thank you nice
obamaclinton inherited $10t in debt and turned it into nearly $20t they have bankrupted…
i have and i do
rev is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the christian community on
is this hope and change? a record 467m americans were on food stamps this past june we must do better
rt フロリダに到着し、早速トランプ大統領との首脳会談に臨みました。今日は、大半を北朝鮮問題に費やし、非常に重要な点で認識を一致させることができました。「日本のために最善となるようベストを尽くす」トランプ大統領は、来る米朝首脳会談で拉致問題を取り上げ…
nothing conservative about the club for growth coming into my office and demanding a $1m contribution which naturally they did not get
blackdog folks are very smarttheir home values and lives will be destroyed
achievers move forward at all times achievement is not a plateau its a beginning dont waste time treading water
this is a must read for donald trump fans! he tells you how the real estate
we need yod.c.he next president! your a winner!!! thank you
god your the best mr trump! i like you tooooo!
how do you deal with anxiety? i dont! i refuse to even think about it be positive
man dj! you are such an inspiration brother thanks for being you! thank you
it says a lot about when they fire but keep brian williams and on the payroll tcot
i will be traveling to florida tomorrow to meet with our great coast guard fema and many of the brave first responders and others
both of you are role models
your opponent has run out of ideas now resorts to personal attacks on you every amercan knows you represent hope!!
sad case did article saying i dont pay bills false only dont pay when work is shoddy bad or not done! they should do same!
crooked hillary clinton who i would love to call lyin hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions
join us tomorrow in scranton pennsylvania at 3 pm ! trumppence16 maga tickets
trump2016 trumpforpresident
proud of for her leadership on these important issues looking forward to hearing her speak at the w20!
anybody who watched all of ted cruzs far too long rambling overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his howard dean moment!
16 and finished all your books awesome greatgood luck!
food stamps up 45 federal handouts up 45 is happy?
i am on my way! see you all soon!
a rare case where the us should help
yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns
people can say what they want about donald but he is trustworthy truth thank you
a 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in scotland any turbine in close proximity to a school must go!
no more clintons or bushes!
must have the lowest iq on television—now telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right
obamacare is a total disaster hillary clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive doesnt work i will repeal and replace!
and sounds like a dream team
they changed the name from “global warming” to “climate change” after the term global warming just wasn’t working it was too cold!
the difference between and campaign promises to is that mitt will actually keep all of his
i hope voters in mississippi cast their ballot for he is strong he is smart and he wants things to change in washington
great to see being wellreceived in poland the poles understand the value of freedom through strength
is what we need to fix this mess! makeamericagreatagain im only 11 but my parents are voting for trump!
would be the greatest start to the new year that i could ever imagine!!! happy new year mr trump and team!!!
maybe if obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing but either way it is just another disaster!
the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic we must come together to make america safe again
have a fantastic beautiful and happy easter everyone and then when easter is over have great wins and triumphs in life never give up!
thank you so much to for naming me the 2015 man of the year this is indeed a great honor for me!
please run for president to save america my whole family is knows you’re the only man who can do it! true
indianajones and ghostbusters whats wrong???
cadillac championship at doral a great successi just bought doralit will be amazing cadillac a great american car
today will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from china just another day at the office
it is interesting so far
hillary clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no isis video of me therefore hillary lied at the debate last night sad!
was incredible as always on letterman he surely knows how to handle it thanks!
the secret meeting between bill clinton and the usag in back of closed plane was heightened with fbi shouting go away no pictures
tune in for my interview with tonight at 10 pm
i also think he has more concern and love for this country than the leaders we have now!
the attack on mosul is turning out to be a total disaster we gave them months of notice us is looking so dumb vote trump and win again!
with the world hating us and wanting to destroy the us we have just cut the hell out of the military budget making it smallest since 39
failed presidential candidate mitt romney the man who choked and let us all down is now endorsing lyin ted cruz this is good for me!
our great country has been divided for decades sometimes you need protest in order to heal and we will heal and be stronger than ever before!
you should run for president in 2016 and have as your running mate cute!
my heartfelt condolences to the family of kathryn steinle very very sad!
donald trump’s commercialfree wwe raw does big rating
donald trump is highly suited to be president of us nice
i will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! we need to make america safe and great again! trump2016
the dying asked me to do an editorial on the central park 5 ripoff and then they pretend it was my idea loser news paper!
we need a real leader to lead lets make america great again! vote trump 2016
happy internationalwomensday“first lady melania trump to present the 2018 international women of courage award”
what advice would you give s wife huma? take off!
i have just lost my beautiful and elegant long time exec assistant norma foerderer she passed away yesterday – a truly magnificent woman
it’s that time of the year in central park is now openbest rink in the world a landmark
who is your inspiration? my father!
personally im glad the nypd is monitoring the actions of certain extremists new yorks finest! i support them
congratulations to for an impressive win in florida he performed well under pressure
congratulations to on last nights tremendous speech mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better
huge townhall tomorrow at 5 pm in the nh barrington middle school! thanks to for hosting! let’s make america great again!
thank god i need my dt fix cute!
miss universe paulina vega criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration but then said she would keep the crownhypocrite
just started reading your book thingbig its freaking amazing!
canada loves you donald! thanks!
there won’t be any new gun legislation no surprise americans support the 2nd amendment
the trump name on a building brings class and creates a landmark for a city thank you
getting ready to do the david letterman tonight—i hope you all will watch—i think!
congressionalbaseballgame⚾️
entrepreneurs if you cannot handle the tough times you will never be successful in business stay positive and stay strong!
is such an amazing person to be honest his book inspires me to work hard and be successful👍 thanks
are making a big mistake sending the doping to rehab assignment should suspend him until investigation is over
iron mike tyson was not asked to speak at the convention though im sure he would do a good job if he was the media makes everything up!
ill be speaking tomorrow at the san jose convention center ca for the first ever national achievers congress
dont forget to watch the tonight show with the wonderful at 11 30 pm you will not be disappointed!
your passion for entertainment biz is so great that it bought you a name recognition outside business field
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar
i have decided to terminate the planned summit in singapore on june 12th while many things can happen and a great opportunity lies ahead potentially i believe that this is a tremendous setback for north korea and indeed a setback for the world
i predicted apples stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iphone screen like samsung i sold my apple stock
the wall is the wall it has never changed or evolved from the first day i conceived of it parts will be of necessity see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains wastelands or tough rivers or water
people are angry at some point the justice department and the fbi must do what is right and proper the american public deserves it!
thanks cody
via by qampa ivanka trump on the business of golf and the championships
we need you to run this country! 2016! the year of the donald!
exwife ivana trump says can win likely will win and will be a great president
powerful book thank you!!! great
i admire u so much u would make a great prezplease run!
just over a year before everyone hears donaldtrump say i donald trump do solemnly swear that i will protect america
“all the things i love is what my business is all about”
polls are starting to look really bad for obama looks like hell have to start a war or major conflict to win dont put it past him!
the media is going crazy they totally distort so many things on purpose crimea nuclear the baby and so much more very dishonest!
via by “council sign rules mean trump name will loom large on river”
icymi and discuss what ted cruz did to the great people of iowa as they went to vote
look what heavy winds did to one of our scottish wind turbines
not to mention we already had two bush presidents neither of which were too successful insanity would be to want a third
thank you sacramento california! makeamericagreatagain
“if we ever forget that we are one nation under god then we will be a nation gone under” ronald reagan feb 6 1911–june 5 2004
the big golf course project on the water by the whitestone bridge in nyc that has been under construction for many years now completegreat!
please run for president this country needs your wisdom i agree thanks!
if the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a spy put there by the previous administration for political purposes how come such a seemingly massive amount of money was paid for services rendered many times higher than normal
the gop primary schedule is a disaster not enough time
sheldon adelson is looking to give big dollars to rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet i agree!
why isnt our president our countries financial stability would be so much more secure very true!
reading an all time favorite trump the art of the deal! must read for the go getter make it happen entrepreneurs!
welcome to the united states benjamin and sara! icymi🇺🇸🇮🇱joint press conference
looking forward to seeing you again! everett to be a packed house!
wow the highly respected governor of iowa just stated that ted cruz must be defeated big shoker! people do not like ted
you were my inspiration to go for my bs in marketing😄😄😄
nasty tactics being used by campaign against must stop saying obama is a nice manhe is not!
we cannot take four more years of barack obama and that’s what you’ll get if you vote for hillary bigleaguetruth
youre the manwe need yod.c.ur president not a man who gives free money away like candywe work hard for our money!
unless the republican senators are total quitters repeal and replace is not dead! demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
the dishonest media likes saying that i am in agreement with julian assange wrong i simply state what he states it is for the people
fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the west side attack nycstrong
didnt you have some apartments in cincinnati at 24? yes
some of you already know i have made the jump to trump donald trump is the man that will win the gop
can you envision jeb bush or hillary clinton negotiating with el chapo the mexican drug lord who escaped from prison?
writes that should pray that china overtakes us dont worry he is making it happen
the golden rule for every businessman is this put yourself in your customers placeorison swett marden
it never ends!
way less and you are soooo stupid!
you should totally run for president i dont think hillary has what it takes
china is getting minerals from afghanistan we are getting our troops killed by the afghani govtt time to get out
according to new employment numbers 296000 americans have dropped out of the work force and gave up looking for work
despite mexicos interest in again hosting the miss universe pageant it will be because of rodolfo rosas moya that it will never happen
thank you andrew jackson! potus7 usa🇺🇸
doing the with was great i really like matt
wow i love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazythe generals were forced to do something they didnt want to do not me
i still c geraldo as the new celebrity apprentice celebrityapprenticewinner2015
when people start losing their savings and home value they will be begging trump to fix the economy makeamericagreatagain
i was referring of course to bill clintons statement on the economy
in america we dont worship government we worship god valuesvoterssummit
a great honor to visit the 9/11 memorial museum with my wife today newyorkvalues
“90 of trump 2017 news coverage was negative” and much of it contrived!
tbt do you believe once upon a time jon stewart really liked me? from 2004
with expected to represent in the presidential race chris will have a very hard time winning
the most influential us gymnasts of all time fantastic shawn
missouri just confirmed trump2016 as the official winner with an additional 12 delegates makeamericagreatagain
bernie sanders is lying when he says his disruptors arent told to go to my events be careful bernie or my supporters will go to yours!
located in central park the iconic is nyc’s top skating rink vip sessions are available for booking
why didnt ag sessions replace acting fbi director andrew mccabe a comey friend who was in charge of clinton investigation but got
with 15 us real unemployment and a 16t debt obamas luxurious aspen vacation her 16th cost us over $1m
lets see if msm reports it w/the same fervor they used when they reported the allegation thanks
i know anthony weiner and hes a real sick puppy
thank you st louis missouri! makeamericagreatagain
congrats to on being awarded the prestigious eagle award for amnesty reporting
lets hope the press covers the loss for as they did the false charges! thanks
so now it is reported that the democrats who have excoriated carter page about russia dont want him to testify he blows away their
keep speaking the truth the media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is trump2016
time for a great president you are needed urgently
we need a dealmaker in the white house who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals timetogettough
if you run for president im voting for you great
chinas domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing china to rip us off
excellent! i still cant believe voters have jeb in front of you havent americans learned anything? no!
yes we can oh foolish one terrorists should not have the right to remain silent!
heading to iowa to a packed house just released polls all first place are amazing thank you!
the on the torturereport
bernie should pull his endorsement of crooked hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters
i wish would run 4 president we need him! if he cares enough about this country he will run
the federal government spent over $37 trillion last year this is unsustainable and a true danger the american dream is being destroyed
sorry dopey i bought lots of facebook stock at 16
thank you warned for a year now about windfarms salmond is a moron
america is falling apart! we need you true and true
happy birthday to an american icon! thank you
run for president dt! save us! i know you can!
thank you i did!
my interview on with jon gambling discussing timetogettough meeting and the 2012 election
a call for unity by jason greenblatt
that was really exciting made all of my points make america great again!
matthope you will have a happy birthday
the oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo should open more land for drilling not tap the reserve
what apology didnt they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? why did they all confess? arent police convinced?
armed educators and trusted people who work within a school love our students and will protect them very smart people must be firearms adept and have annual training should get yearly bonus shootings will not happen again a big and very inexpensive deterrent up to states
high numbers show donald trump is beating his rivals in the polls go trump trump nation
my inspiration
youre awesome i like you toooothanks!
clinton is weak on north korea vpdebate
agreed!
gets it never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media
doesn’t help kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else he’s almost last
thank you for having me this morning i enjoyed my time with everyone! alconvention2016
and obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years
on in two minutes!
windmills in western ny state are a complete eyesore beautiful views ruined by propellers
main street is back! strongest holiday sales bump since the great recession beating forecasts by billions of dollars
may be many things but one thing he is is right tellsitlikeitis thank you sort of
thank you new orleans louisiana! makeamericagreatagain votetrump
everyone should calm down is going to do a great job as batman
“donald trump to be in mason city june 4th” via
the ring announcers are working hard to justify the mayweather victory they should be ashamed of themselves! a total joke
great poll numbers are coming out all over people dont want another four years of obama and crooked hillary would be even worse maga
going to charleston south carolina in order to spend time with boeing and talk jobs! look forward to it
megyn could have done a far better job
it appears that is entranced with and rightly so! celebapprentice
yes danielle a great chance
from donald trump wishing everyone a wonderful holiday a happy healthy prosperous new year let’s think like champions in 2010!
james comey is a proven leaker and liar virtually everyone in washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he diduntil he was in fact fired he leaked classified information for which he should be prosecuted he lied to congress under oath he is a weak and
knows how to run a business and he knows how to run a country so true!
donald trump and ben carson 2016 wow!
watching you on fox with now cant wait to hear what you two talked about
from bombshell in 2016 obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an american election check out his statement witch hunt!
the hatchet job in about roger ailes is total bullshit he is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team
thank you to prime minister of australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that fake news media lied about very nice!
thank you to rasmussen for the honest polling just hit 50 which is higher than cheatin’ obama at the same time in his administration
as your president i have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the american people
gina haspel my highly respected nominee to lead the cia is being praised for the fact that she has been and alway will be tough on terror! this is a woman who has been a leader wherever she has gone the cia wants her to lead them into america’s bright and glorious future!
did you ever think you would have a tv series outside of re? never!
great book just out a place called heaven by dr robert jeffress a wonderful man!
tell congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world make america great again!
dont run for governor go for the white house!!! trumpin2016
be sure to watch the larry king show tomorrow night on cnn 9 pm ill be the host larry the guest
trump listening to voters unlike gop
why would the people of kentucky want a rookie senator– they have sen mitch who may be next leader and bring $’s to ky
carl icahn said this about me i think at this moment in time he’s the only candidate that speaks out about the country’s problems
crookedhillarys plan will add $115 trillion in new taxes we cannot afford her! draintheswamp debate
put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as i review all conservation facts under study for years will update soon with secretary zinke thank you!
trump for president!!! xosm mosscreativemediagroup thank you susan!
bernie sanders says that hillary clinton is unqualified to be president based on her decision making ability i can go along with that!
heres trump aipac2016 in case anyone missed it it is a must watch
story written by a reporter that the huffpost refused to print total bias but we will prevail!
rt trump outlines new childcare policy proposals via the app seems a candidate of destiny
“to keep your goals alive you must take action every day no one should care about your money and success more than you do” think big
hope you had a great weekend with your gorgeous wife very nice thanks!
president obama campaigned hard and personally in the very important swing states and lostthe voters wanted to make america great again!
do you ever get sad? i dont have the time!
james comey memos just out and show clearly that there was no collusion and no obstruction also he leaked classified information wow! will the witch hunt continue?
how does everyone not like watching show celebapprentice
was fabulous in last night—as was the entire cast
thankyoutour2016 tonight orlando florida tickets mobile alabamatickets …
i know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavorhenry david thoreau
as usual hillary and the dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major nfl games same as last time w/ bernie unacceptable!
congratulations to jeb hensarling and republicans on successful house vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 doddfrank financial law growth!
make sure to catch season finale of “the men who built america” on sun november 11th great show
how do u feel about marco rubio? drinks too much water!
via maher being sued by trump over birth certificate bet on tonight show
made in china! no way! lead the manufacturing back to usa ! i am working hard to do so!
maybe was right about his course being better than quail hollow trump nationalcharlotte is better than qh
read my tweets you dopesof course he should get a trialbut fast not a 12 year disaster
we need less isis and ebola and obama and more true!
such a great experience in new hampshire amazing people! will be leaving for a big event in south carolina today
“ so who should win who is your favorite?”
if trump can control his crazy then its a go he can make the us great againis no crazy
my new book midas touch in stores now trumpvlog
autism speaks bob and suzanne wright will address the pontifical council on health care workers at the vatican in rome november 2022
great job first lady melania!
not only is a racist and boring hes a really dumb guy!
do it please!
im on board with trump2016
chinas best friend wants to cut the us fleet down to 230 ships the lowest level since wwi
saw michael jordan and ray allen today playing golf at trump national doral the blue monster great guys!
it must be because she is well rounded hardworking kind and professional shes hired! 🎉
mr trump youre a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people
tremendous support except for some republican leadership thank you
what barbara res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly and for years trying to come back i said no
just left florida for dc the people and spirit in that great state is unbelievable damage horrific but will be better than ever!
2016 changeisnear ???? could happen!
when you take charge mr trump thats when its gonna change trumpforpresident !!!!
“peace is not absence of conflict it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means” – pres ronald reagan
an honor to be endorsed by the new england police benevolent association thank you!
lets continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories and manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming china is so happy!
a perfectly executed strike last night thank you to france and the united kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine military could not have had a better result mission accomplished!
for the great people of iowa find your iacaucus location at so important to vote! makeamericagreatagain
via by and donald trump says jeb bush is the ‘last thing we need’
thank you nicole!
join me tomorrow in florida!miami•12 pm
unbelievable evening in melbourne florida w/ 15000 supporters and an additional 12000 who could not get in tha…
captured or not all our soldiers are heroes!
republicans and democrats have both created our economic problems
we must build a wall to secure our border it will save lives and help make america great again!
completely agree with what just said about the penalties and the hits [1/2]
delegation heading to china to begin talks on the massive trade deficit that has been created with our country very much like north korea this should have been fixed years ago not now same with other countries and naftabut it will all get done great potential for usa!
sorry to hear of yesterday’s passing of general norman schwarzkopf he was a terrific general and leaderwe could use more like him
we need to worry about the american worker first!
i am now in iowa getting ready to speak people are always amazed to find out that i am protestant presbyterian great
jodi if youre listening make a deal!
jeb is no conservative in my book common core is a disaster
i think should be running instead of jeb we need a real candidate not a soso leader
ivanka caught up with bret and holly backstage both bret and holly were champions all the way
mr trump i agree with you and your stance on the american flag waving proudly over the golf coursegracias
dan because i love beating lowlifes!
thank you charlotte north carolina great afternoon! icymi i delivered a speech on urban renewal full speech …
you get what you vote for us credit rating is about to be downgraded once again
icymi via by “donald trump to give iowa speech on education”
dont talk about rolling stone magazine but most importantly dont buy it this degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people!
run for president thanks carli
i am landing shortly can’t wait to be with our great military see you soon!
the american people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
he should not be trying to intimidate the usc justices on obamacare he is worried because sg cont
the best custserv in hospitality is at s hotel! just super!
congratulations for being named in top 10 us hotels for business travelers!
who is the better boss? mr or mrs trump? cant wait to find out next week!
looking forward to a press conference today about on movie project roadhard
donald trump for president! a very wise choice thanks!
donald trump and geraldo rivera recap celebrity apprentice a look back at the exciting season
latest poll shows donald trump winning 70 of electoral vote against hillary clinton!
via donald trump vows to fight scottish wind farm plan in courts
just said a historic victory for trump nice!
ive never voted before but if runs for president ill vote for him trump
great move on delay by v putin i always knew he was very smart!
with and at the opening of the villa at
you are my hero so nice thanks
have a good time enjoy this great city
via by donald trump frances strict gun laws enabled attack
funny the donald living rentfree in lil marcos head
you shouldn’t have on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a bushy!
big news —wow—us economy shrinks!
funny to hear the democrats talking about the national debt when president obama doubled it in only 8 years!
on top of the disrespect shown by russia don’t forget they still have snowden who has given them and everyone massive us secrets
twitlonger betayou can take the smartest kid at wharton the one who gets straight as and has a 170 iq and if he doesnt cont
via by “polls show ‘president trump’ may not be so farfetched”
the democrats dont want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad ms 13 gang members
what do we have to do to get real leadership in our country? find greatness and push to victory!
i’ll be in dallas at the american airlines center on sept 14th at 6 pm will be great to be back in texas
our fifth 1k milestone of 2017! dow24k maga
can you put out a shout for aberdeen football club today as big game good luck win!
trump2016 you are an inspiration to me and my friends 2016 prez
led in conversation during the gopdebate
bush and rubio are finally attacking each other as i knew they would in order to be the last establishment man standing against megreat
america needs he is the only one who can save us from the leftie liberal fascists votetrump
dont go around saying the world owes you a living the world owes you nothing it was here first mark twain
too early!
i love india!
new 10/6/15 reuters ipsos poll donald trump continues to dominate! over 37!!
rt our country and civilians are vulnerable today because did not believe in national missile defense let’s nev…
fast trial and death penalty for maniac in colorado immediately pass speed up legislation
first titantic sunk on its maiden voyagenext the hindenburg explodes on its first flight to americanow we suffer the obamacare rollout!
on behalf of the american people welcome home!
“every strike brings me closer to the next home run” babe ruth
yesterday opening day golf a great lady!
until a proven job creator and inspiration for the common man
any candidate that says trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down
this is why we need he tells it like it is!
if you can’t focus with unyielding resolve then you will never be successful believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals
the abc/washington post poll even though almost 40 is not bad at this time was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
perhaps so!
wearing my tie today gonna be a great day confidence wishihadfiveofthem great!
“definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement” w clement stone
us coal productionup📈78 past year down📉315 last 10 years endingwaroncoal
statement in response to president obamas failed leadership
obama keeps namedropping bill clinton he is no bill clinton
were all enjoying yod.c.ell mr t! youve inspired hope and a positive spirit throughout america! god bless you! nice
great poll numbers for just outhe is leading substantially in swing states
why do you have george will on your show hes exhausted boring and not even a little relevant! waste of good airtime!
goofy elizabeth warren is weak and ineffective does nothing all talk no action maybe her native american name?
when isis caught the soldiers do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them?
black lives matter protesters totally disrupt hillary clinton event she looked lost this is not what we need with isis china russia etc
obamacare must be completely repealed a recent report from ubs shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring
i just beat a lawyer from yale and a lawyer from harvard who teamed up against me in a major case worth millions $ they were so dumb!
yup trump line rocks the ties are impeccable ! thanks dt
things will work out fine between the usa and russia at the right time everyone will come to their senses and there will be lasting peace!
rt mark levin the collusion is among the democrats
aside from having no ratings sleazy ed schultz lied about what i said thank you scott whitlock
why do you follow me creepy stalker?
had a very good call last night with the president of china concerning the menace of north korea
with 49 days until the election needs to stay on offense he should not be apologizing deflect onto obamas record
and i on the 18th hole at trump international golf links scotland
the problem w/ the concept of global warming is that the us is spending a fortune on fixing it while china and others do nothing!
its unbelievable lately poor atlantic city true very sad but i left years ago
i enjoyed your speech at the republican convention in new hampshire immensely! thank you!
rt us job openings surge to record via
every working class every color knows trump and wants to be rich like him faces light up😎😍
“ability is nothing without opportunity” napoleon bonaparte
congratulations to bob kraft and coach bill belichick for having built an amazing team
it will not be pretty keisha your fired celebapprentice
good luck
i love the white house one of the most beautiful buildings homes i have ever seen but fake news said i called it a dump totally untrue
the corrupt media creats controversy against to avoid issues about hillaryclinton
the press has very inaccurately covered this event see for yourself!
cnn is the worst fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased
a very interesting piece by a very good writer of and
doing david letterman tonight at 11 30 1st nite of sweepsgoing into the lions den but ive been there many times before enjoy
new york city hospital testing patient for possible ebola infection hello!
“america is too great for small dreams” — pres ronald reagan
brits spent $578m on the royal family obamas cost us $14b in expensesincluding entertainment living large on us
im going to do what was totally unable to do win!
sir our country could be great once more with yod.c.resident youre hired! thanks!
our country would be in better condition for future if you were in charge instead of this clown true
donald trumps back with 14 apprentice allstars via
why did give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records and applications in return?
today we gathered in the roosevelt room for one single reason to cut the red tape! for many decades an evergrowing maze of regs rules and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars millions of jobs countless american factories and devastated entire industries
doral tournament was greatbest 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in
sadly hbo had no morals and gave that garbage another show boycott hbo!
if their highly unethical behavior including begging me for ads isn’t questionable enough they have endorsed a candidate who can’t win
truei am the king of eradicating debtits easy!
does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military? really!
“deals are my art form i like making deals preferably big deals” – the art of the deal
praying for only more success for djt an honorable man who knows the art of the deal and who would not make a bad deal w/ iran
after careful consideration im going with my blue signaturecollection tie for my big meeting today do well
john kasich despite being governor of ohio is losing to me in the ohio polls pathetic!
fight the good fight mr president trump! you are the only one fighting for america! trump2016
thedonald has my voteplease run for president
with spitzer and anthony weiner running for office new york is pervert central! pathetic
under the leadership of obama and clinton americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad time to change the playbook!
two years ago i told everybody to start looking and buying houses—i hope you listened! but there is still time
who will be the next find out this saturday at 8 pm et on missteenusacom teenusa
“is business success a natural talent? i think it’s a combination of aptitude work and luck” – think like a champion
need all on the un security council to vote to renew the joint investigative mechanism for syria to ensure that assad regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again
pastor andrew brunson a fine gentleman and christian leader in the united states is on trial and being persecuted in turkey for no reason they call him a spy but i am more a spy than he is hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
john podesta says nominee will be cruz b/c last person hillary wants to face is trump! use your head folks! 4641!
looking forward to my summit visit and speech
im in moscow for miss universe tonight picking a winner is very hard they are all winners total sellout of arena big night in russia!
long live donald trump our next ronald reagan!!! god bless you we need you nice!
i think youre an amazing person and a huge inspiration to me! just ordered your books! cant wait to read them!! thanks
i believe in free markets but allowing a merger of us air and american airlines is totally ridiculous! will control most of us market
gretadont let it get you downyou are a winner and tina is not
i wonder how much money dumb and even dumber ben smith loooose each year? they have zero credibility totally irrelevant and sad!
where serenity meets luxury trump nat’l jupiter’s spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality
new york magazine sucks lifeless and dead one of the most boring out there get it now it wont last long!
both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life you need to stay positive
it was great to see you say hi to all!
have fun!
happy birthday to my son very proud of you! tbt
we will have to see what russias next move will be they may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
losers such as george will and use me to get publicity for themselves they are strictly third rate
i heard your interview on i enjoyed every second of it radiogold thanks
trump2016 arealleader usa and god bless our troops! navy army marines coastguard thanks
donald trump will be on my show tonight at 8 30 pm eastern time will be my great honor so much to talk about!
–the man who let terrorist pan am flight 103 almegrahi go lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in blackdog
entrepreneurs see yourself as an organization pay attention to every facet of your life whats strong? whats weak? whats missing?
via cbswashdc “114yearold.c.uilding a step closer to becoming trump’s latest hotel”
time is on your side things do not continue downward forever think big
hillary clinton lied last week when she said isis made a dt video the video that isis made was about her husband being a degenerate
in chicago for the first time your building is amazing from the outside cool color to the inside
i had a great time in texas yesterday a tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people will be back soon!
the reason i am staying in bedminster beautiful community is that staying in nyc is much more expensive and disruptive meetings!
who started this mess the protesters of course and media made it worse
70 stories over panama bay is the country’s first five star develo pm ent a masterpiece
matt you dont understand golf even though you think you doi have numerous couses that are far superior to pinehurst
allstar celebrity continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week more and bigger coming…
who did the house task force onurgent fiscal issues call when america needed help?
in my speech on protecting america i spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to islamic terror
mitt did the right thing—not because he had to but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco
it is really too bad that the scientists studying global warming in antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
thanks 57th and fifth
“iowans drawn to donald trump praise his antiestablishment bent” via by and
happy friday the 13th
thankshas been great for scotland
rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49 a far better number than i had in winning the election and higher than certain “sacred cows” other trump polls are way up also so why does the media refuse to write this? oh well someday!
dont blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you it may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love
nbc says trump leads with hs grads or lessdoesnt bother saying trump leads with college grads too
cant wait for the miss universe pageant! hopefully another latina takes the crown 💃👑
great investor john paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fundvery smartbut he didnt go bankrupt you morons!
mexicos court system corrupti want nothing to do with mexico other than to build an impenetrable wall and stop them from ripping off us
timetogettough the white house correspondents dinner in my new book time to get toughwatch the trumpvlog
thanksmy honor!
i will write a $2 million check to our campaign if we hit our milliondollar endofmonth goal!
big news just out new poll trump 39 and leads in every major category likeability way up cruz 18 carson 10 rubio 10
ask yourself what can i learn today that i didnt know before? always be a student always be open to new ideas
should replace on the view well they would then get great ratings!
and heres another
we the people want mr trump to be our president!!! great pic
crooked hillary clinton deleted 33000 emails after they were subpoenaed by the united states congress guilty cannot run rigged system!
you were absolutely great on thank you
chinas currency manipulation is one of our nations greatest sovereign threats the yuan has appreciated 40 against our dollar since 2005
ill be speaking on thursday april 12 at the firstever national achievers congress at the san jose convention cont
i am getting great credit for my press conference today crooked hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days
entrepreneurs there are no guarantees but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise do your due diligence!
i liked the kelly file much better without perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!
join me in greensboro north carolina tomorrow at 2 00 pm ! trumprally
congratulations to on winning senate primary time for the party to unite and defeat obamacare advocate kay hagan!
asked me for $1 million i said no now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes i’ll lower big league for middle class
thank you to i have always appreciated your courage but now more so than ever!
crooked hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook draintheswamp…
besides hard work what has made you such an enormous success? i love what i do
via by “luxury penthouse at skyscraper sells for record $17m”
it would be great for the republican party of nevada and it’s unity if good guy danny tarkanian would run for congress and dean heller who is doing a really good job could run for senate unopposed!
the truth hurts sometimes who careskeep telling it like it is!!
actually gave me a positive story yesterday!
obamas convention bounce is gone has retaken the lead in the latest
will be watching with my entire family we are so happy youre back on tv mr trump! huge fans here!
trump has no problem telling it how it is isnt that what everyone has been wanting from a president? makeamericagreatagain
just bought one for my sons bday celebration to vegas! gorgeous great!
⬅️ im latina/ legal and fully support you speaking the truth! dont back down!
rt first full month in office sees biggest jobs gain in years report
you have enemies? good that means youve stood up for something sometime in your life winston churchill
two dozen nfl players continue to kneel during the national anthem showing total disrespect to our flag and country no leadership in nfl!
i wear a suit everyday to be professional but i top it off with a trumptie to say im on top of my game and successful
the job on cbs the 15th copy of the apprentice was just cancelled i love it!
do you want to be inspired? watch on the apprentice season eight!!!! amazing woman! thanks for choosing her!
can you believe the head of iran refused to meet with our great president?—zero respect!
the stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an alltime highgreat goinggreat product!
if this country is still existing with obama in charge then imagine if trump was prez! it would be awesome
new poll trumps massive lead grows in postdebate poll
wind mills are highly dangerous they tend to sheer off blades and catch fire in gales and storms true!
this is big criticism of the republican field speak truth and stop being so pc this is why resonates!
trump/russia story was an excuse used by the democrats as justification for losing the election perhaps trump just ran a great campaign?
is it the neil patrick harris show or the emmy awards?how was he ever put in this position to start with? crazy!
keep figthing dont let the windfarms destroy your property and life!
join me tomorrow in sanford or tallahassee florida!sanford at 3 pm at 6 pm
rt we agree with bill obamacare is “the craziest thing in the world” bigleaguetruth debates2016
your on fire this morning too bad your not the prez i agree!
oh wow that course is beautiful thanks
i will be doing at 7 30
james gandolfini was a remarkable talent he was also a decent man we will all miss him
discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation midas touch
even if stays in dc taxpayers will pay millions for his hawaii vacation when americans are struggling
join me in florida tomorrow!miami•12 pm
another attack this time in germany many killed god bless the people of munich
shelly kulwin says your a lyin dog mr trump shelly kulwin is a really bad lawyer who lost big todayfool
i had a great time in des moines iowa tonight! thank you for all of the support trump2016
why do people give contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win?
everyone vote for and no he did not pay me for this endorsement
who does a show called bob massi is the property man on really knows his stuffa total pro!
i will be on fox and friends tomorrow morning at 7ºº
we need to get the unemployed back to work that is a big part of the answer!
advice from my mother mary macleod trump trust in god and be true to yourself
thank you north carolina! maga
i wonder if president obama would have attended the funeral of justice scalia if it were held in a mosque? very sad that he did not go!
we are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible donald trump
you should be on sharktank as a guest star trump2016 kingofthedeal nice show!
dark knight rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend remember to watch for trump tower!
in moments like thiswe are all just americans i join with the president religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today
at the neighborhood bar talking about we need him we will make america great again!
beautiful morning thank you
apple must make the iphone screen bigger losing major market share
always makes me proud
i fulfilled my campaign promise others didn’t!
thank you for following the rule of law! sanctuary cities make our country less safe! full remarks
would make a winning team as owners of the billslets do this! go bills! billsmafia
rt the opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock but also stories of recovery and hope president trump is asking e…
republicans and democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade this is not a go… cont
i wish him the best of luck
poll trump leads gop field among hispanics records 34 favorability
happy birthday to an american icon and a real estate elsupremo thanks
great meetings will take place today at trump tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years
video of my day at the old post office soon to be the most fabulous hotel!
by “donald trump headed to iowa says ebola is further proof of obamas incompetence”
entrepreneurs set the example you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example
how does this make you feel? boycottrollingstone rolling stone magazine sucks!
my family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary tonight 10 pm e
thank you mississippi! trump2016
hey cummings you call yourselves comedians? trumproast tonight 10 30/9 30c on
i will beat hillary easily but lindsey graham says i wont and yet he got zero against me no cred! why does fox put him on?
trump expressed concerns months after the iraq war began while 60 of americans still supported the war
and a better tv show 1 you make great tv mr trump thanks
rt “youre never a loser until you quit trying” mike ditka
major league baseball the best thing you can do is let all time hits leaderinto the hall of fame its time!
networks other than low ratings have been very fair and exciting!
the road to success is always under construction arnold palmer
thank you to and sports illustrated for the really nice piece about me march 17 2014 issue
the reason i put up approximately $50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple i want to make america great again!
donald trump buys turnberry via great job on apprentice natalie
will be on news tonight at 6 30 interviewed by the legendary enjoy
reuters polling just out thank you! makeamericagreatagain
just watched celebrity apprentice in england wonderful how did you choose between them whole prog was great thank you
2016 2016 2016! get this country back to the prosperous nation we once were!! thankswilliam!
i will be on with from 57 pm est on
establishment flunky is going crazy with the just released cbs poll that has me way ahead new fox poll has me beating hillary
donald trump has been telling anyone who would listen about the chinese currency manipulation so true
we do have a trade deficit with canada as we do with almost all countries some of them massive pm justin trudeau of canada a very good guy doesn’t like saying that canada has a surplus vs the usnegotiating but they dothey almost all doand that’s how i know!
ill be on monday at 7 30 am be sure to tune in
credible source on 911 muslim celebrations fbi
donald trump will forever be mac millers best song true he will never have another one to compete!
just out trump gop debate 18000000 clinton democrat debate 6700000 and they were on major network vs cable!
wow said some very nice things about me today on with chris wallace i am making progress thanks george!
big day for healthcare after 7 years of talking we will soon see whether or not republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
obama should meet with putin snd convince him to do what is good for the us its called good dealmaking or simply leadership! cajole
obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from africa for 21 days but he still allows all who contract ebola into country? hypocrite
how low has president obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process this is nixon/watergate bad or sick guy!
twitter loves trump 1000s of retweets for mr trump while gets 5 to 10 makeamericagreatagain!
motivate me to actually vote and get on that forkin ballot 😅
this is the time for the united states to be strengthening all important military components not rolling over and dealing from weakness!
is sin city’s most elite destination treat yourself to vegas’ most luxurious hotel rooms
this memo totally vindicates “trump” in probe but the russian witch hunt goes on and on their was no collusion and there was no obstruction the word now used because after one year of looking endlessly and finding nothing collusion is dead this is an american disgrace!
filipinos love u mr trump! you are famous in the philippines!! we love what u do! thank you
did you enjoy the experience you had with yes had a great time!
just landed in iowa see everyone soon! maga🇺🇸
democrats try so hard to mock and belittle republicans—amp the republicans just don’t fight back—no energy!
the people who support hillary sit behind cnn anchor chairs or headline fundraisers those disconnected from real life
stop the assault on american values stand w/ trump to makeamericagreatagain! votersspeak
there is zero margin for error on ebola are we confident in obama when he can’t even make a website for $5 billion?
hope runs for president and fixes the mess obama made
yes go ahead and run for president we need you so badly!
the christmas story begins 2000 years ago with a mother a father their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—the gift of god’s love for all of humanitywhatever our beliefs we know that the birth of jesus christ and the story of his life
when mitt romney asked me for my endorsement last time around he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!
once again obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination chuck hagel will not be named sec of defenseamp probably shouldnt be
rt when the president says youre fired that means pack yo stuff and go not say you refuse to go! draintheswam…
interesting that certain middleeastern countries agree with the ban they know if certain people are allowed in its death and destruction!
raffaele sollecito was unfairly convicted he didn’t kill anyone the italian government should be ashamed
thank you for the warm welcome to brussels belgium this afternoon!
best part about monday mornings is listening to on fox and friends! you should run for potus!! thank you!
“faster and cheaper trump finishes nyc ice rink gov can be efficient w/leadership and business acumen
should never have played that piece of garbage documentaryamp yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course
“as someone once put it ‘marriage is the greatest ‘antipoverty’ program god ever created’” timetogettough
very cute!
please tell me you are at least considering running for president please please please i am!
neprimary votetrump trump2016
been watching youtube videos on and all day feeling really inspiredgreat
the more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself the more time you waste after a setback move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!
if stopped covering me on her show her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with beat her by millions!
thank you huge win for president trump and gop in georgia congressional special election
i dont care what anyone says about him i will always love nice!
on behalf of melania and i thank you for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the forbidden city in beijing president xi and madame peng liyuan we are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning!
tonight i will be on with at 10 pm and w/ at 10 10 pm enjoy! votetrumpsc trump2016
another amazing and solid siriusxm appearance from donaldtrump
i will be speaking at the stopirandeal rally shortly watch live here
via donald trump knows how to tea party the donald plans splashy landing in myrtle beach sc
if only the morons were as concerned with obamas inconsistent statements on the embassy attacks as they are cont
my int w/don imus on not drinking alcohol politicians being all talk and no action and the border
kinda early to decide but im going to be for halloween lol have fun!
wind farms are now being paid to shut down a complete waste
thank you for joining me this afternoon new hampshire! will be back soon followthemoneyspeech transcript …
mr trump please build our military and take care of our vets as commander in chief this would happen!
“know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will” – think like a champion
more on benghazi cover up “attorney for whistleblower 400 us missiles stolen in benghazi” really bad
why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans?
late show was great!! we all enjoy it! thanks!
young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself no one else will!
the problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the democrats dont want secure bordersthey dont care about safety for usa
i enjoyed your book think like a billionaire for the second time you give very practical advice and it really helps
california has a rare opportunity to turn things around and solve its high crime high tax problems along with so many others on june 5th vote for gop gubernatorial candidate john cox a really good and highly competent man he’ll make california great again!
good thing to remember
sleepy eyes of the dumbest voices in politics is angry that i’m doing
via by trump san francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration
our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in washington state we are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities
the great state of michigan was just certified as a trump win giving all of our make america great again supporters another victory 306!
thank you for your fair and balanced reporting you provide a great and important service to the people of scotland!
no one builds a golf course better than you played trump ireland and scotland as well as us thanks jen!
id vote for donald ! oh yeah
all civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace
we will make america safe and great again! trump2016 votetrumpsc
i will be interviewed on tonight at 10 00 you will find it very interesting i hope enjoy!
just got back from las vegas hotel was fantastic in every way but the fight was a total waste of time the aggressor lost?
trump turnberry looks incredible in the sunshine lookinggreat trumpturnberry
for the sake of transparency should release all his college applications and transcriptsboth from occidental and columbia
even though i beat him in the first six debates especially the last one ted cruz wants to debate me again can we do it in canada?
convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow let today be devoted to crooked hillary and the rigged system under which we live
catch the second part of my interview with bill oreilly tonight at 8 pm on fox news
i look forward to going to the land investment expo in iowa on jan 23 record crowd—sold out venue
we shall see all i know is the donald is the only one who can makeamericagreatagain!!!!!
thats what i said too thats something everyone knows about nyc and its a huge celebration
i will bring our jobs back to america fix our military and take care of our vets end common core and obamacare protect 2nd a build wall
central american presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration obama will soon apologize
the new trailer is fantastic trump tower stood in for wayne enterprises during filming
thanks for being a great role model it actually motivates me for greatness terrific!
hope you are part of that leadership! merry christmas to you and your family
returns in allstar 2001 playmate of the year is a determined competitor she is terrific!
say it loud and proud illegal immigration is an attack on our country!
features a striking glass walled building w/ loft inspired interiors nycs trendiest luxury hotel
see you tomorrow wisconsin!trump spurs smallbusiness optimism in milwaukee area
we are going to ask katherine webb to be a judge at the miss usa pageant coming up in las vegas
consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak june numbers policies have created a climate cont
says exactly what he thinks lol this is one of the reasons i follow this man! hes the best! thanks k
china court apple pays $60m to settle ipad case china is getting away with murder
thanks good question/good point
hypocrite has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas
“the achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual” – vince lombardi
“we now find out that the obama administration put the opposing campaigns presidential candidate or his campaign under investigation that raises legitimate questions i just find this really oddthis goes to the heart of our electoral system” jonathan turley on
carly whose campaign is dead is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! sad
good news is melanias speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press!
is chris serious lying or misinformed? bill clinton signed nafta
offering two championship courses has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017
that speech was inspiring trump im with you
great phone interview on espn! ps forget buffalo buy the chicago sonsofwrigley
via by “trump rnc call was congratulatory”
big crowd expected tomorrow night in iowa it will be interesting and fun great people!
america will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration success in the private sector is a tremendous asset
i love new york! newyorkvalues
great job supporting sig and those bartenders beautiful and classy!!
thanks scott i appreciate your nice words
hillary clinton is weak on illegal immigration among many other things she is strong on corruption corruption is what shes best at!
re life life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that if anything success makes it more fragile
why is anthony weiner attempting to run for mayor ? because he is delusional!
when employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group
how do you take care of our people if you dont make anything? we dont make anything we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc
i agree 100! please run for president and save this country! trump2016
but i doubt it!
mr trump would attack syria or no? no lets make our country great again as they fight their war!
a vote to cut taxes is a vote to put america first it is time to take care of our workers to protect our communities and to rebuild our great country!
without momentum there’s a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere get your momentum going and keep it going
love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the white house youre fired!
if it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run donald then sir l will gladly be that god damn tweet 2016 president
please run and save us in 2016!!!!
i notice thanks genall!
you pick it! 1 anybody that says anything derogatory about is labeled stupid insane or cont
rt live stream donald trump about to speak in boca raton fl protesters already before trump speaks trumptrain
thank you graham ledger of the daily ledger for your really fair coverage and your great interview with peter roff of us news and wr
you’re all wrong—check the facts! uk is massively subsidizing scotland’s wind turbines and the people don’t want them
for prez!
happy holiday to you and your loved onesgod bless thank you!
focus on being the next prez donald! we need you!
just a few more days until the 13th season of allstar premieres be sure to tune in this sunday at 9 pm on big!
can you imagine obama running his own business? how sad would that be? you never know!
heading to washington this morning much work to do focus on trade and military maga
for all of my millions of followers and at your request i will be tweeting tonight during president obama’s speech! 9 pm et
if alison grimes can’t admit she voted for obama even if she is embarrassed then you can’t trust her! vote
breaking news obama has just made a trade with russia they get florida california and our gold supply we get borscht and a bottle of vodka
fantastic winning all the way to wh trump2016
can you believe thatwith all of the problems and difficulties facing the us president obama spent the day playing golfworse than carter
awarded 5 stars from offers 261 rooms and 115 suites in the center of downtown toronto
thanks john
joseph kennedy is really being used by venezuela and hugo c in oil commercial!
i will be going to atlanta georgia tomorrow—here’s the info hope to see you there! makeamericagreatagain!
your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011 keep speaking the truth! trump 2016!♡
my interview with discussing the real unemployment number and how the 78 number is a fraud
go classiest lady to ever grace the show
wow macys numbers just intrump is doing better than ever thanks for your great support!
awful look to itnot like trump in palm beach and briarcliff or scotland that ive played your courses are the best
bush is pretending that the trump surge is great for him and the is reporting bush delight con job a bush nightmare!
mr trump i always enjoy your calls to the howard stern show when can we expect your next one? soon!
thank you mrtrump for standing up for america my great honor!
icymi we are not in a narrative fight maga
only can get the economy back on track clean up the government i agree stay tuned!
the mark of a great player is in his ability to come back the great champions have all come back from defeat sam snead
a friend is one who has the same enemies as you have pres abraham lincoln
no way judges say mayweather won investigation should take place fix?
rapper mac millers song donald trump has reached close to 72 million hits he owes me big!
why does have a fired bushy like dummy john sununu on spewing false info? i will beat hillary by a lot she wants no part of trump
yesterday actually spent a full day in washington he didnt campaign fund raise or play golf shocking
upstate new york needs jobs frack now and frack fast! pay off ny state debt
the greatest witch hunt in political history!
continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver unless you’re then you just blame the tea party
the banks were bailed out by us they should start lending to private entrepreneurs the banks are slowing american growth
is the most competitive gop option against obama’s amnesty loving he can win!
they say that if i participated in last night’s fox debate they would have had 12 million more and would have broken the all time record
i will be going to trump national doral in miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new blue monster amazing!
surprised how accurate and likable the jonas brother is pointing out heraldos bighead big ego poster
damn a lot of haters follow u haters and losers!
hopefully our future first lady!!! she would be amazing!
rt tune in maria bartiromo has an exclusive interview with president trump
donaldtrump no raise in 8 years home not worth what i paid for it healthcare is a joke obama is a liar trump 2016
nelson mandela and myself had a wonderful relationshiphe was a special man and will be missed
the letter is out liars
why doesn’t the fake news media state that the trump administration’s antitrust division has been and is opposed to the atampt purchase of time warner in a currently ongoing trial such a disgrace in reporting!
press conference at glasgow prestwick airport this friday nov 14 at 11 am with donald j trump and mr iain cochrane
thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance it was a lot of fun! today i will be speaking in reno nevada
glad to hear will be staying on elizabeth has great presence and doesn’t back down from sharing her views
and as far as that lowinfo voter base goes i have an iq of 132 so much for that theory makeamericagreatagain
obamas deal raises taxes on 77 of national households with obama care taxes kicking in now everyone will be paying for his 2nd term
you have until 8 pm to votetrump delaware!
lightweight ag eric schneiderman who has been a total failure in office failed to report the 98 approval rating of students for courses
i always believed was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor i disagree with him but
horrible killing of a 13 year old american girl at her home in israel by a palestinian terrorist we must get tough
in 2017 when obama hopefully leaves office and we can began to rebuild america from his nightmare thx
thank you i was dealing with a very bad person!
interesting
florida visit to find shelters road closures and evacuation routes helpful twitter list
trump2016 iacaucus finder
megyn kelly top of cable news megyn say thank you donald! also should say thanks!
way to go what a good sport vince only for you!
love for my moms birthday!! the best in virginia!
everybody is raving about the trump home mattress by if you are looking for a mattress go buy cont
getting rdy to leave for france @ the invitation of president macron to celebrate and honor bastille day and 100yrs since us entry into wwi
outsider donald trump assesses and addresses major american problems what has congress been doing for the past 7 years?
dont forget to enter the think like a champion signed book and keychain contest
i cant wait for announcement on june 16 great
i love donald trumpcoast guard yes!!
no i cant say i see it i dont see the us as a major player ever again thanks to obamawrong
what does the department of justice and fbi have to hide? why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents unredacted to the house judiciary committee? stalling but for what reason? not looking good!
i sure hope the sexting pervert anthony weiner runs for mayor will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated
rambling and stumbling is as dumb as a rock!
no ones scared of you donald you are very wrong!
entrepreneurs difficulties mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life remember to keep your equilibrium intact
rt reuters poll clinton trump all tied up
without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!
i hope everyone or rather almost everyone had a great easter! we need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
while millions are being spent against me in attack ads they are paid for by the “bosses” and “owners” of candidates i am self funding
if anybody else but coore and crenshaw designed pinehurst they would be run out of town—and the turtleback greens are totally unfair!
everything obama touches goes to hell
just landed in iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful senator look forward to being with all of my friends
im all for donald trump thanks he is easy!
workers of firm involved with the discredited and fake dossier take the 5th who paid for it russia the fbi or the dems or all?
are u running for president in 2016 or not? we will soon see!
under president china has experienced unusually fast gains and america unusually fast losses timetogettough
great meeting w/ coal miners and leaders from the virginia coal industry thank you! maga
miss universe 2012 pageant will be airing live on and december 19th open invite stands for robert pattinson
mimiperhaps because they are losers
thank you pennsylvania this is a movement like we have never seen before! votetrumppence16 on 11/8/16 together…
should definitely include you in the polls! why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully?
whether i choose him or not for state rex tillerson the chairman and ceo of exxonmobil is a world class player and dealmaker stay tuned!
so they caught fake news cnn cold but what about nbc cbs and abc? what about the failing and they are all fake news !
military has announced that china has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs china is our enemyshould we offset this on our debt?
reports that getting ready to treat me unfairly—big spending planned against me that wasn’t the deal!
the us rocket that blewup and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the united states under obama nothing works be it a rocket or website
why didnt you report hillary lying about the isis video bad reporting perhaps will do better next yearbut doubt it!
donald trump appearing today on cnn international’s ‘connect the world’ as ‘connector of the day’ submit questions
when is the media going to talk about hillarys policies that have gotten people killed like libya open borders and maybe her emails?
his opponent should not agree to any debates as i am sure he is a master re me? thanks!
via by “donald trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at sc tea party convention”
so excited for celebrityapprentice looks like a great group of people!!
looking forward to the florida rally tomorrow big crowd expected!
honored to meet this years delegates w/ pence in the east room of the congratulations…
it would have been much easier for me to win the socalled popular vote than the electoral college in that i would only campaign in 3 or 4
english taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines
our great veterans are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the va that will stop i will fix this quickly!
i will be on at 700 45 minutes talking about ebola obama and other strange us happenings!
“our constitution was made only for a moral and religious people it is wholly inadequate to the government of any other” john adams
bravo!! leader of vast inteligence!! awesome tv inspires never gives a stale second!!! prez tump2016
every americans dream trump2016
yes online through macys
thank you agree!
via “donald trump golf clubhouse at menie approved”
“the vast majority felt she should be prosecuted even senior fbi officials thought crooked was guilty
i hope everyone had a great memorial day!
wow two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at drake university
my int from iowa on how i would build a wall to secure our southern border and deduct costs from mexico
review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction dont tread waterget out there and go for it
the biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public there is no bigger thrill than that vince mcmahon
americafirst!
of mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive tax cut bill done and approved also big help on cutting regs i am with him in his reelection all the way!
the train accident that just occurred in dupont wa shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly seven trillion dollars spent in the middle east while our roads bridges tunnels railways and more crumble! not for long!
more radical islam attacks today it never ends! strengthen the borders we must be vigilant and smart no more being politically correct
i hear that dopey political pundit lawrence odonnell one of the dumber people on television is about to lose his showno ratings?too bad
remember bill maher praised the animals who took down the world trade center and was fired by abc drop until dopey bill is canned!
look forward to governor mike pence vp introduction tomorrow in new york city
dwight howard just signed with houston
isis exploded on hillary clintons watch shes done nothing about it and never will not capable!
you want them here legally and they want to be here legally!
thank you abingdon virginia! makeamericagreatagain
we should tell china that we dont want the drone they stole back let them keep it!
favorite family will always be the trumps thanks
rt media bias is not just about what they report its also about what they dont report thefive
ill be watching! break a leg! thanks
via “only the donald
the cast has been largely selected for next years celebrity apprentice wait till you hear the namesamazing! season 14many nights at 1
got the endorsement of brian france and yesterday in georgia also many of the sports great drivers thank you nascar and georgia!
my book midas touch with robert kiyosaki rich dad poor dad will be in bookstores tomorrowits a grea… cont
beautiful sunset of lighthouse and ailsa craig
time for to make his big announcement about how hes going to put this country back on track!! trump2016 🇺🇸
awesome bit on with and ! funny stuff!
just left west palm beach fire and rescue 2 met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us firefighters paramedics first responders what amazing people they are!
thank you kirkwood community college heading to the us cellular center now for an 8 pm e make america great again…
the fake media not real media has gotten even worse since the election every story is badly slanted we have to hold them to the truth!
donaldtrump does donald trump want to be president? looks like he is getting lots of votes already
trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment
the art of the deal!
sorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of ritz carlton in jupiter florida—just bought it will be great!
id rather see be the debate moderator!
various media outlets and pundits say that i thought i was going to lose the election wrong it all came together in the last week and
i am going to save medicare and medicaid carson wants to abolish and failing candidate gov john kasich doesnt have a clue weak!
declare your candidacy! right time right age right mind w/common sense right leadership rightman rightnow rightvote
“keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game” – trump never give up
dont let the media and the elites push you out americans are with you! thanks i wont!
president xi of china has stated that he is upping the sanctions against noko said he wants them to denuclearize progress is being made
delighted you are investing in ireland great for our golf courses and our economy welcome to the emerald isle thank you
our country is now in serious and unprecedented troublelike never before
whats your favorite book? trump the art of the deal
via world tribune the elites problem with donald trump hes not for sale by jeffrey t kuhner
the only reason i bid on was to make sure they stayed in buffalo where they belong mission accomplished
looking forward to ia and wi with gov pence tomorrow join us! maga
hillary’s 33000 deleted emails about her daughter’s wedding that’s a lot of wedding emails debate
donald trump to host saturday night live
i dvrd kelly and michael today to see you but you werent on! missed you! wednesday!
78 unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterdayreal unemployment is at least 15
worthless which dopey mort zuckerman is desperately trying to sell has no buyer! liabilities are massive!
it is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner
last nights results in poll taken by nbc americafirst imwithyou
just as i predicted people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to obama care enjoy!
please save our country!
rt i am running for president to get us creating wealth againnot to redistribute it
finally somebody with real intelligence and leadership is runnig for president mr makeamericagreatagain
house of representatives shouldnt give anything to obama unless he terminates obamacare
i dont get the media??trump is ahead in every poll but wont give him credit they say he wont make it?? 60 of us say yes
our country has tremendous potential together we can fix washington let’s make america great again!
never learned so much from one book you are a capital genius and people are just ignorant thx
many countries including allies already see china as world superpower we have greatest military yet no respect
i must say that anything donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of peoples decisions smart man!💯
is trumping the trumpster himself where do you live moron
rt so proud to be out on the campaign trail with thanks for an amazing night biloxi trump2016
no george buch did that george bush gave us obama!
first order of business for america is to elect donaldtrump next is make america strong again! and he is the man to do it!
is absolutely right it will be a nightmare for if obama is reelected
just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter thats only because im being nice!
pampered who never had a real job has no problem w/usa losin jobs 2 foreign countries
rt democrats are far more concerned with illegal immigrants than they are with our great military or safety at our danger…
i will be in indiana on sunday and monday at four make america great again rallies see you there!
looking forward to a speedy recovery for george and barbara bush both hospitalized thank you for your wonderful letter!
for president 2061!
cant wait one of the best shows on tv it will be a great season with our best cast ever!
phony club for growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars and is now putting out nasty negative ads on me they are total losers!
my administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the border ending chain migration and canceling the visa lottery congress must secure the immigration system and protect americans
america needs your leadership please run for president
certain republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the ussupreme court get proper appointments sad!
weekly address🇺🇸
well thanks so much penn it was great having you terrific job!
i want you to be president! thanks
sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war ~ donald trump
trump only attacks those that attack him first hes not going to be abused by a politician tcot
have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! good night
really terrible and a sad day for our country!
a robust growing economy is how to fix social security and medicarenot cuts on seniors
crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not!
hopefully your breakfast is with your 2016 pres exploratory committee 2016 hopeful
📷 tbt throwbackthursday
haim saban hillary clinton’s top hollywood donor demands racial profiling of muslims
was just at turnberry the place is awesome
“no person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life” – samuel goldwyn
ahead of schedule and under budget! will be in oklahoma tonight!
obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals henry ford
thank you alabama! from now on it’s going to be americafirst our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase …
awesome job as always! i love hearing what you have to say every week! trump2016
ill be on on monday at 7 30 am always interesting tune in!
must read quote by in article “builders race to develop skyhigh condo buildings”
you are correct but he is so easy!
australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love america
i hope we never find life on another planet because if we do theres no doubt that the united states will start sending them money!
tomorrow morning i will be sporting my trump collection tie and cuffs!!!
like harry truman you tell them the truth and they think its hell give em hell donald
el chapo and the mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a vacuum cleaner sucking drugs and death right into the us
what is the secret behind your success? good ideas and concepts but beyond everything i never quit!
will be covering president obamas speech at 900 on twitteryou are all so lucky!
agree this is the only time americans have been more involved in president elections since kennedy!!!
congratulations to patrick reed for his win yesterday the new bluemonster lived up to its name thanks joe
amazing has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base
thank you springfield ohio get out and votetrumppence16! icymi watch here
the republicans can absolutely win if they stick togetherbut they are not sticking together sen mccain just said we cant winvery bad!
democrats are not interested in border safety and security or in the funding and rebuilding of our military they are only interested in obstruction!
to all the liberal do gooders this is the plague you idiots! no cure! @ you may have confidence in the cdc but i dont!
the golden rule of negotiation he who has the gold makes the rules
via by 3 lessons about loyalty that i learned from donald trump
looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment
thank you for what you have achieved it makes me work harder to achieve more for myself and my family
our nation is a once great nation divided!
9 months than this administration over 50 legislation approvals massive regulation cuts energy freedom pipelines border security
if obama attacks syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed he and the us will look very bad!
isis is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at ohio state university by a somali refugee who should not have been in our country
good is trying to eliminate the tax on olympic medals our athletes should not be taxed on their wins
congratulations to on getting the and endorsements!
team trump all the way!
he is bad but is worsenot only is he a rat but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself
“us consumer confidence hits 14year high”
whats it like to be donald trump? believe it or not it aint easy!
just success for our country!
give a lot of credit to miguel cabrera too totally
what’s with the ridiculously short apprentice episodes? going back to two hours ratings
i wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the democrats in charlotte right now
obama once again just missed a selfimposed deadline with iran our leadership is weak and ineffective double the sanctions!
im done with macys apparently they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every american freedom done!
should be elected for president of the world the man speak great sense about world problems!! leader
little jon stewart? is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! dont panic jon
is the fucking man !
as a major fan of nelson mandela and the people of south africa all of my statements are made with love protect his legacy now
we need to be president
control your own destiny or someone else will jack welch
is hillarys worst nightmare! just take a look at illinois rally last night
when you’re “hot” the lowlifes really shoot at you and they try hitting from every angle! never let the bastards get you down
a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new albert einstein
good morning big guy heres hoping we both make a bundle of money today
just received a standing ovation at ncgopcon when i said we need to bring the american dream back better and stronger than ever before!
in addition to those without health coverage those that have disastrous obamacare are seeing massive premium incr…
we finally agree on something rosie
hopefully all supporters and those who want to make america great again will go to dc on january 20th it will be a great show!
keep fighting and learning!
i will be on tonight always have a good time with now we know he will get high ratings tonight
i find it really hard to listen to speeches he doesnt have a clue
my interview discussing pres obama playing golf w/ us airwaysamerican merger and oil
my interview discussing the convention businesses making products in china and unemployment
millions of dollars being spent on false tv ads by special interest groups who own rubio and cruzwhen you see them think of your puppet pols
join me in colorado springs colorado tomorrow at 1 00 pm ! maga tickets
leaving nevada now for iowa things are looking good great new polls!
while i am in oh and pa you can also join in nevada on mon!carson city
formal acceptance of the nomination! trumppence16
you were amazing !
lets just put you in the white house now
ernie els and myself at trump national doral
jack welch thinks sam palmisano retired ceo of ibm should be the next ceo of microsoft interesting!
your cameo in home alone 2 was some top notch stuff you should be in more movies
when is going to finally get his own talk show? he would absolutely destroy the competition! thankstime!
america wants trump politicians are so dishonest!
on ruining scotland’s beauty with ugly and costly wind turbines?
in interview i told that my taxes are under routine audit and i would release my tax returns when audit is complete not after election!
consumer confidence is at an alltime high along with a record high stock market unemployment is at a 17 year low make america great again! working to pass massive tax cuts looking good
“mold yourself into the person who can do big things” – think big
people don’t understand that i left the apprentice to run for pres—the apprentice did not leave me bob greenblatt and folks were great!
my great honor to host the 2017 backtoback stanleycup champion pittsburgh penguins at the wh with today!
thanks enjoy!
welcome to the new reality goldman sachs just based their new asia pacific chairman not in tokyo but beijing
no surprise serial sexter anthony continues to be a sick pervert he was sexting a young girl last summer
wind energy is a complete economic disaster…
i will be doing at 800 am
if you want to be successful two important considerations are passion and efficiency think like a champion
rt great to be with secretary mnuchin and former governor sununu in derry nh on taxday to highlight the tremendous benefits o…
via by “ ramps up with first tv ad trump event”
i turned down a meeting with charles and david koch much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics they will do much better!
pete carroll need to be added to the show worst play call in superbowl history fire his ass!
lmao what about his tattoos? do you like those? no!
what do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations?
carly fiorina is terrible at businessthe last thing our country needs!
it is a great honor for me to be inducted into the hall of fame this will take place on april 6
my interview where i discuss fixing the economy killing bin laden the john edwards trial and fair trade
only because he has something to hide
jeb bush should support donald trump for president i agree!
and i backstage at wwe hall of fame a great man and good friend
instead of attacking me ashish j thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing uganda
did a shoot in front of the metropolitian museum on 5th ave for the 13th season of the apprentice
reading think big and cant help but wonder why you aint president yet? well now is when we most need it
if you think ugly windmills are good for scotland you are an even worse businessman than i thought
behind the scenes video with “uncle sam” eagle’s name and me
whether you think you can or think you cantyou are right henry ford
vladimir putin said today about hillary and dems in my opinion it is humiliating one must be able to lose with dignity so true!
congratulations to on his tremendous increase in television ratings speaking of ratings i will be on his show tonight @ 10pe
sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs obama has been a total disaster timetogettough
rt to ensure your safety ahead of harvey heed warnings from local officials and review important safety information
our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in france yesterday and we grieve the nation’s loss we also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support we are with you
gov kasich voted for nafta which devastated ohio and is now pushing tpp hard bad for american workers!
to terrorism and airline flight safety humanitarian reasons plus i want russia to greatly step up their fight against isis and terrorism
when you die the world will be better very nice you sound like a really wonderful person!
why do people listen to clown on spent $430m and lost all races—a bushy!
i hope everybody is having a fantastic christmas! no matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out and go on to victory!
why wouldnt the call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong no wonder it is doing poorly!
government dependency has surged over 23 since has taken office he is creating an entitlement culture
he has no respect for american exceptionalism has outsourced our space program to the russians
everything comes to him who hustles while he waits thomas a edison
thankswill do
happy birthday to my wonderful daughter
ted cruz backs trump about securing the borders nothing has been done for decades via
no wonder the today show on biased is doing so badly compared to its glorious past little credibility!
youre really on fire? amazing there is a god
heading to sioux county iowa where the crowd is amazing dr robert jeffress will make the introduction make america great again!
i agree
the woman who is the secret service director looks like she is way over her headwhy cant the president appoint the best and the brightest?
much like taking over the gov ice rink something will finally get done there as well
is fired up on so are your supporters!! trump2016
good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics b/c i stand 100 behind everything we do
rosechem1 one of the reasons that i like yod.c.ecause i feel that old american greatness in your mentality it makes me feel hope! thx
once again the bush appointed supreme court justice john roberts has let us down jeb pushed him hard! remember!
rt we are watching a leader who for the first time in three presidencies will put america and americans first!
great tax cut rollout today the lobbyists are storming capital hill but the republicans will hold strong and do what is right for america!
why wont you run for potus and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? show them how is should be done!!
wont miss it! dont hold back say it like it is! have a great day mr trump!
mention crime infested rather than falsely complaining about the election results all talk talk talk no action or results sad!
the art of the deal is still the best book ever written on business and life in general! thanks
to get momentum you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity
5 family values donald trump used to build his empire oped »
marild.c. fantastic person and really smart!
mr trump even the trolls hang on your every word! they pretend to despise you! ignore keep inspiring!
republicans must start the tax reform/tax cut legislation asap dont wait until the end of september needed now more than ever hurry!
must ask for obamas college records and applicationswhy is he not doing this?
melania and i send our thoughts and prayers to senator mccain cindy and their entire family get well soon
this is a onceinageneration opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the american people! join me today
my int “once a choker always a choker djt takes credit for romney dropping out”
im a autism mom my son loves you bunches greatsay hi to him!
an answer would not be pretty!
now they are all saying donald really could be president! i knew this from start! we all must work together!
such a total miscarriage of justice in san francisco!
if you think you can do a thing or think you cant do a thing youre right henry ford
mr trump you were excellent on howard stern! it is time that america is rebuilt on a renewed foundation of capitalism!
everybody on twitter get out to vote for trump today in south carolina
the fake news media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony russian witch hunt
donald trump dont give obama fasttrack trade authority
best ive seen you / oreilly u bring a lot to the table and r a true citizen
the euro put in place to hurt the us is done! will have less negative impact than most think
jfk files are released long ahead of schedule!
“obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal” henry ford
is doing a really good job on fox especially when talking politics he has come a long way fast!
in the plane heading to iowa state fair will be great fun hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids
rochester loves you! see you tomorrow! makeamericagreatagain trump2016 trumptrain a big crowd!
you are 100 correct thank you!
wages in are country are too low good jobs are too few and people have lost faith in our leaderswe need smart and strong leadership now!
the worst show in las vegas in my opinion is hokey garbage new york show even worse!
bill you should have named your beautiful son donald
why did let iran keep our drone? now it is going straight to the chinese he should have taken it out
just informed us that my interview last week on was their highest rated show in 4 years congrats!
melania would make a great first lady
entrepreneurs believe in yourself! if you dont no one else will either
why isn’t ag schneiderman going after democrat jon corzine and the $14 billion that is “missing?”
china is our enemythey want to destroy us redstate interview
trump for president!!
we are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to hell time to rebuild the usa! tell our stupid politicians enough
the world would love you to put up or shut up donald i think u can do it but will u?watch
36 hrs central park as seen in including a stop for a bite in full article
is my favorite celebrity/business man please run for president we need someone competent so true!
must have had a terrible vacation she is really off her game was afraid to confront dr cornel west no clue on immigration!
rubio an orator/liar like obama but totally unqualified rubio visa bill did not protect american workers see disney
the brand new blue monster just opened at trump national doral miami also great new driving range which is open till midnight go see!
had a fantastic dinner last night at quattro in the trump soho hotel its already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city
remember it was martin k who sank the big ten footer to win the ryder cup he can handle the pressure!
i luv donald trump in his sleep he is leaps and bounds over what we have now i have no doubt he luvs america!
if everything seems under control youre just not going fast enough mario andretti
😒😒😒 part 1 of my int with discussing why i am strongly considering running for president
mr trump i love your sign it really spiffs up that stodgy old town keep up the great style statements
thank you for building a beautiful hotel in vegas that i dont have to cover my childrens eyes or my eyes when we enter thx
pretty much says it like it is
franklin such a great photo happy 99th birthday to your father
wow the ratings for last night were their biggest in a year very nice!
heres an idea why dont donaldtrump and run on the same ticket instead of running against each other? no thanks!
crime is out of control and rapidly getting worse look what is going on in chicago and our inner cities not good!
its time for ted cruz to either settle his problem with the fact that he was born in canada and was a citizen of canada or get out of race
it’s amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if i say bad things about them it becomes a national incident
landing in pennsylvania now great new poll this morning thank you lets draintheswamp and makeamericagreatagain…
thank you america! magarasmussen national polldonald trump 43hillary clinton 40
the released a new strongisbeautiful celebrity campaign today amazing athletes proud to be a part of this
so nice thank you laura
interesting and thanks
anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for marco rubio read this
crooked took millions from oppressive me countries will she give the $$$ back? probably not dont forget her slog…
pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!
my comment last march “anthony weiner is a sick pervert you think he will change? he will never change”
a must see trump is brilliant as usual !!!! makeamericagreatagain teamtrump trumptrain
donaldtrump kellyfile trump is so right about geller megyn stop advocating for her its a loser
he will never say it therefore he will never have a solution!
give yourself a chancemake every day a discovery
w/a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing trump intlpalm beach is ranked by florida golf magazine as fl’s 1 course
why is the only guy who talks about getting tough with china and their currency manipulation?
first election i can vote in i want to run for president
my show interview with discussing the fierce competition in allstar
just announced that as many as 5000 isis fighters have infiltrated europe also many in us i told you so! i alone can fix this problem!
get snowden back from russia—he has done tremendous damage to the us and should pay a very heavy price
“new bombshell in the obama spying scandal did other agencies spy on trump campaign?” even clapper worlds dumbest former intelligence head who has the problem of lying a lot used the word spy when describing the illegal activities!
which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? at least is consistent
do you understand sarcasm?
great to talk jobs with nabtu2017 tremendous spirit and optimism we will deliver!
announced 3 years ago that scottish course would close in winter like kingsbarns and otherstoo cold
it was great being in michigan remember i am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the usand protect car industry!
its late est having a hard time sleeping? ur zimmerman comment was the most intelligent ive seen yet
congratulations to karen handel on her big win in georgia 6th fantastic job we are all very proud of you!
a really great tournament congrats to monty pete b and ted bishop fantastic job!
hope everyone enjoyed their thanksgiving but get ready our country is in big trouble!
great idea did you see their list a joke!
america needs a true businessman to run this nation you i agree thanks!
really looking forward to my address this friday morning at 8 30 will stress jobs etc cant wait to see my many friends
big dollars $700000 for his wifes political run from hillary clinton and her representatives drain the swamp!
happy halloween!
my interview with michael patrick shiels on wjim in lansing on behalf of
people are writing tribute songs for donald trump thanks to all of these great songwriters get rich!
mr trump please buy our precious buffalobills with jim kelly you two know what the team means to wny love it!
omg awesome! what time zone!?
pictures of and me from the men in black iii premiere in new york city we loved the movie!
im at the trump doral for an environmental law conference very impressed all around great
my thoughts and prayers are with the families of our serviceman who was killed and his fellow servicemen who were wounded in somalia they are truly all heroes
boy did pharrell and robin thicke get screwed the marvin gaye song sounds nothing like theirs get new lawyers fast!
a top firm like cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win
has barack obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? media?
thanks dave!
please run for president and get our country running better!
a onesided piece of garbageand i wonbig success for scotland!
my supporters are the best! $18 million from hardworking people who know what we can be again! shatter the record
rt we won move on
the cbo has confirmed that stimulus crowds out private investment while not creating any jobs
bo i heard you were great at trump national westchester i am not at all surprised keep playing well you are a winner!
wishing melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! happy mothersday
missusa is way classier than missamerica
chinas military buildup is a major threat to the free world we must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs
in addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our vets john mccain let us down by losing to barack obama in his run for president!
why does obama believe he shouldnt comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? hiding something?
just out house intelligence committee report released “no evidence” that the trump campaign “colluded coordinated or conspired with russia” clinton campaign paid for opposition research obtained from russia wow! a total witch hunt! must end now!
for president please! 😩
via by windpower tax credits need to be blown away
i know mine for 2016 and youve my vote please get our country back where it belongs please!!! thanks
simply brilliant would never miss it trump family a credit to society re charitable donations
nathaliethanks and best wishes
see you in londonbig crowd!
ill be on tonight at 10 pm fox news
we will defend our country protect our communities and put the safety of the american people first! replay
i cant wait donald my monday is complete!
just run for president donny youd win for sure 🇺🇸🇺🇸
via american spectator trump card by jeffrey lord
i dream for a living steven spielberg
im going to the game tonight to root them onthey always win when i am there
i said that eliot spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls i fought him when others retreated out of fear never give up!
it is not freedom of the press when news papers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!
nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm ralph waldo emerson
thanks jimmy
the gop doesnt waste an opportunity to waste an opportunity defunding obamacare should be central to any deal
cant wait to hear you on on this morning commonsenseman
i wonder what the next scandal will be in dc? can we handle yet another?
i never did a days work in my life it was all fun thomas a edison
entrepreneurs practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks know that goals come with obstacles
oliviaa total winner!
thank you for selecting the ocean view suite as one of your top 10 suites
“be ready for problemsyou’ll have them every day keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges” – trump never give up
we cant take 8 years of hilary or 8 years of establishment gop!!! we need trump!!
thank you syracuse! nyprimary
looking very sharp sir triumphant
if donald trump ran for president hed have my vote based on his twitter account alone
wrote a wonderful book “and the good news is dana has a fabulous perspective on life and politics—go get it!
via “mark levin defends trump hillary clinton is a crook and a fraud and she’s not treated this way!”
“president donald j trump proclaims april 2 2018 world autism awareness day”
in love with trump tower too! clearly tower built by man who is strong and abel to serve as our presedent!
my hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference he said it was incredible! heres his pic!
let pete into the hall of fame
america wasted billions and precious lives in iraq and iran will soon take controlvery very sad
just arrived in cleveland ohio join governor and i now live via
today is my 61st birthday the best gift i could receive is a retweet from you supporting you in 2016 happy birthday
ok people it has 2b season of celebrityapprentice looks fabulous! i cannot wait!!!!!
announced today the 33rd pga grand slam of golf to be held oct2015
thank you peter if elected i will think big for our country and never let the american people down! americafirst
senator landrieu if you are a senator representing louisiana then you should own a home in the state send to the senate!
thank you for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole turnberry could be the most dramatic in britain
“according to the pros” just named trump national golf club philadelphia the 1 private club thanks!
did hillary clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? just asking!
“golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated it satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect cont
why dont you run for president if you run the usa like you run your businesses the usa would be a better place
did a great job last night watch the clip!
please mr trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!
mrtrump today @ church preacher said that if abraham was modern he would be someone like you thought you should know thanks
just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten barrack obama 2/2
carly not just you i also told gov kasich to “let jeb talk give him a chance” because kasich was constantly cutting in
thanksvery nice
i made a lot of money in atlantic city and left 7 years ago great timing as all know pols made big mistakes now many bankruptcies
great news chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the us stock market timetogettough
i am the only republican who will get large numbers of dems and indies crossover i will also get states that no other republican can get
via by “ diary and now there are two”
remember when obama said bush raising the debt ceiling was unpatriotic? rt!!!
you nailed it donald!! full of energy the day before!!
we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border why are we giving them money in the first place?
had a great time hosting the palm beach county republican at maralago gave a strong speech she’s great!
trump2016! you can preach a better sermon with your life than your lips please sir make the announcement! patriotic
great guest to have on your show
trumpforpresident
with all of its phony unnamed sources and highly slanted and even fraudulent reporting fake news is distorting democracy in our country!
mom leave me alone i want to just be with cute!
which is worse and which is more dishonest the oscars or the emmys?
got to do something though! too many times they lied to us for some reason i trust trump
“the unemployment rate remains at a 17year low of 41 the unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 26 the lowest ever recorded the unemployment rate among hispanics dropped to 47 the lowest ever recorded”
congratulations to gabby douglas on winning the gold for the usa in gymnastics she is terrific!
he knows i don’t respect him
obama now just wants to save face russia is now telling him dont do it he waited too long and the other side is much better prepared
just got final renderings of trump national doral in miami there will be nothing like it in the country will be the best!
fifth avenue’s most iconic building features trump grill nestled in the corner of the atrium
icymi ohio rally!watch here
rt exactly as i said house intel chair we cannot rule out sr obama officials were involved in trump surveillance
the pope should not have resigned—he should have lived it out it hurts him it hurts the church
to aspiring entrepreneurs be tenacious once youve decided on your goals remain fixed on them set the bar high!
first time i can ever vote and youve got mine! i want to make america great again!!! fantastic!
bus crash in tennessee so sad and so terrible condolences to all family members and loved ones these beautiful children will be remembered!
former homeland security advisor jeh johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between trump and russia
best book ever on dealmaking or so they say trump the art of the deal go get it and others washington you really can do better!
is bad but saturday night live is the worst of nbc not funny cast is terrible always a complete hit job really bad television!
if you cant say great things about yourself who do you think will? think like a champion
can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the obamacare website is not a us citizen—she’s from colombia
what do you think is the best industry to get into for a young college student about to graduate?energy!
windmills not worth the trouble worse for the planet than oil carbon et al true!
the only reason irrelevant doesnt like me is i refused to do his failing show asked many times very few listeners sad!
obama is planning on attacking romney on bain in tomorrows debate mitt should bring up college applications and records
good fun yesterday slapping it around trump international golf links with and sammy…
the lobbyist and political hack that president obama just appointed as the ebola czar just missed his first major meeting on ebolaa joke
emails show that the amazonwashingtonpost and the failingnewyorktimes were reluctant to cover the clinton/lynch secret meeting in plane
good morning mr trump youre so awesome trump2016
dont agree with your politics but respect your heart great gift to lil john well done sir i undetstand t
take responsibility for yourselfits a very empowering attitude
on december 19th the pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers
thanksyou will love it
wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourismelectric bills in scotland are skyrocketingstop the madness
join founded by hall of fame legend on 1/19/2017 in washington dc…
good night all supporters great night mr you rocked the rocky mountains and the nation tonight!!!
please run in 2016!!!
thanks sasha!
congratulations on getting the miss universe pageant to come to doral/miami it will be a great show and a tremendous success!
the deficits under are the highest in americas history why is he bankrupting our country?
obamas plan to have russia stand up to iran was a horrible failure that turned america into a laughingstock timetogettough
barney frank admited that obamacare does have death panels yesterday obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed
cta driver just tweaked im voting for
what a surprise! newly released audit proves that the irs only targeted tea party groups
the premier landmark in midtown nyc trump tower features our signature amenities w/a magnificent waterfall
little marco rubio the lightweight no show senator from florida is set to be the puppet of the special interest koch brothers watch!
thanks kevin i tell the truth
only 109 people out of 325000 were detained and held for questioning big problems at airports were caused by delta computer outage
all aboard the trump train!
secy john kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w/ those characters who are cleaning his clock sad to watch
rt 4339
they call me names but thats ok?
happy birthday to my legendary friend aretha franklin
clinton foundation’s fundraisers pressed donors to steer business to former president
politician have been runningruining america for years lets change that now trump 2016 iluvamerica4trump2016
vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump lets take our country back vote for the don 2016
coming up on gdny talking about his new golf course in the bronx! what else is on your mind?
so much dishonest reporting or nonreporting in political media—an amazing experience for me
new york we will make america great again!
i really enjoyed last nights teletown hall with faith and freedom coalition thanks to the thousands who joined
you need both thanks
chip should be part of a long term solution not a 30 day or short term extension!
keep your momentum without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere
i really enjoy doing every monday at 7 am and are great people
the most successful people are the people that had the right idea but never ever quit or gave up! ~
via by “donald trump talks economy with republicans in davenport”
does anyone know that crooked hillary who tried so hard was unable to pass the bar exams in washington dc she was forced to go elsewhere
trump 4 president!
our amazing golf course
do you have a helipad at trump national la? yes!
dont forget to watch me tonight on late night with jimmy fallon 12 35 am on nbc ill be making a big announcement!
flattering over 500 upset people called maralago disappointed i am not running for presidentbut mitt romney will do a great job
any deal on daca that does not include strong border security and the desperately needed wall is a total waste of time march 5th is rapidly approaching and the dems seem not to care about daca make a deal!
what will you miss most about wiener? absolutely nothing!
frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman what a couple!
totally false reporting on my call with priebus he called me ten minutes said i hit a “nerve doing well end!
rt トランプ大統領による、初の、歴史的な日本訪問は、間違いなく、日米同盟の揺るぎない絆を世界に示すことができました。本当にありがとう、ドナルド。そして、アジア歴訪の大成功をお祈りしています。
why doesnt obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in egypt have live ammunition? they need it fast
florida do not miss this opportunity to makeamericagreatagain! thank you
what a nice guy 97 of campaign ads have been negative attacks on give it back mitt!
i make good deals thats what i do i would make great deals for our country my speech
find the leakers within the fbi itself classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on us find now
america will think big once again we will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of american…
trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces
again snl 10/17 exposes carlyfiorina as failed ceo an unwanted senatorial candidate and god forbid next prez ntxforum
president obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the american peopleclint eastwood
hopefully the violence and unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end to those injured get well soon we need unity and leadership
it is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the white house are fabricated lies made up by the fake news media
for donald trump south florida makes it rain — dollars that is very nice
if the senate democrats ever got the chance they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute they are laughing at rs make change!
rt “ her beauty lives 5000 miles past heaven ” thank u
get on trumps list email from the rnc was not authorized i am self funding my campaign! do not pay email
rt i would endorse in a presidential run!
via “trump transformation on course”
jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co filed many years ago sheand her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages
but while dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our national anthem big progress being madewe all love our country!
wh claims it lied about pres obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book” i guess bill ayers never knew about it!
freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction ronald reagan makedclisten defundobamacare
still a great time to buy residential property the courts are holding up foreclosures buy directly from the banks
is promoting ugly inefficient unreliable birdkilling noisy neighborhooddestroying wind turbines big mistake
i say trump for president can i get a hell yes usa would be the greatest nation on the planet agaiin
was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including nbc not good for me!
amazing that crooked hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the worst abuser of woman in us political history
trump nears 100 days on top via the hill
great gravis poll on the great state of nh also watch on cbs and mediabuzz both on sunday
obama vacationing in west palm beach starting tomorrow he should play a round at trump intl golf club 1 rated course in florida
trump turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon scotland time the place is amazing!
15m have already lost their health care plans thanks to obamacare defund now and repeal later!
thank you but we are dealing with many very stupid people!
more reports of voting machines switching romney votes to obama pay close attention to the machines dont let your vote be stolen
thanks for coming to my book party wouldnt have been the same without you! pierscongrats!
ohio govkasich voted for nafta from which ohio has never recovered now he wants tpp which will be even worse ohio steel and coal dying!
buy the we need proven success
if fm needs to litter scotland w/ ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence he will lose!
via ‘major coup’ donald trump picks up top iowa grassroots operative for potential 2016 campaign
youre exactly what america needs mr trump thanks!
word is spreading that i got a tattoo no way i am not a fan!
did a fantastic job on oreilly tonight way to go eric!
i demand an apology from hillary clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate there never was a video
2016
read a great interview with donald trump that appeared in the new york times magazine
is great gosh darn we need him as president what a hero thank you
mr trump i would love to see you spice things up and cut a rug on dancingwiththestars they would love to have me!
in answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator the answer is darrell hammond
great news that will be joining elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on
“cant wait rt “it’s the nastiest i’ve ever seen” — on this season of celebapprentice
watch missusa 2012 live tonight on at 9 pm est!
thanks helen
you are damn good
despite so many false statements and lies total and complete vindicationand wow comey is a leaker!
could be truethanks
president vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollarsunbelievable!
obama and republicans are hollowing out our military now want to cut troop levels lowest level in over 20 years
thank you iowa! i appreciate all of your support and this evening! trump2016 iacaucus
should the golden eagle be scotlands national bird? wont be any left alivewind turbines killing them all
much respect but you are the most sophisticated and vicious sob out there and i think youre great! wow!
there certainly is plenty of evil
congrats to on blowing $400 million this cycle every race ran ads in the republicans lost what a waste of money
great meeting with ceos of leading us health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the american peo…
donaldtrump even though i feel his personality is to strong for president i agree it would be an entertaining campaign
word is i am doing very well in michigan and mississippi! wow and with all that money spent against me! will be going to trump jupiter now!
great job on fox and friends ! thanks
rt so today on behalf of the united states i want to thank every olympian and paralympian to every member of i…
many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up thomas a edison
please save our country run for president! watch and thank you
help fight autismgo to website for donations and government activation
thank you proud of you! rncincle trumppence2016
newly released documents show geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed
at this point im voting for trump! very smart!
what had to say about al sharpton was spot on wish more americans would speak their minds about him
you are our only hope ! keep strong mrtrump thank you
via by “the trump card make america great again”
thank you america! together we will makeamericagreatagain!
we need your support to get to the white house and defeat crookedhillary lets make america great again!
thank you tallahassee florida! a beautiful evening with the movement! get out and vote! icymi watch here
a big part of the country even the southern states is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold global warming anyone?
rt hillary calls trumps remarks horrific while she lives with and protects a rapist her actions are horrific
just started building one of the great hotels of the world in washington dc the site of the old post office will be amazing jobs!
congratulations to on running an aggressive and fair campaign vote for scott today new hampshire!
your line in home alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film
its true matt the new blue monster is better than pinehurst so is bedminster turnberry and trump aberdeen blow it away!
thats cool i agree!
the judge in the oscar pistorious case is a total moron she said he didnt act like a killer this is another oj disaster!
to the geniuses at americans united for change the more you tax me the less people i employ get it?
would anyone in the music industry treat a democrat like this? is being punished for his political views
mr trump look into buying the mets from the wilpons they are failing nyc very sad!
oh the wonders of the arab spring our new allies in egypt the muslim brotherhood just called the holocaust a myth
so obama and congress can waste billions in iraq and afghanistan building roads and schools but can’t get money to the nj and ny sandy victims?
you always make mondays better!! keep telling the truth and giving us hope!! thanks
i loved beating these two terrible human beings i would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer he is a total loser!
justin it will be on in the fall the cast will be great!
i just answered my facebook fans questions in the latest askthedonald watch the video
love the new signage keep doing what youve always done and continue to inspire others thanks
how much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability and nonexistent sources remain in business?
on jimmy fallon tonight
is that hype or truly the worlds best golf course? it is the worlds best golf course!
the fucking truth we need our jobs back! that wont happen without new leadership!
idiot always forgets to mention that i am suing him to collect the $5m for charity that he expressly offered
poll total trump 2522 carson 1978 rubio 967
thank you rep
one of the most effective press conferences ive ever seen! says rush limbaugh many agreeyet fake media calls it differently! dishonest
cameras running another false accusation why doesn’t report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? one had her home mortgage paid off only so reporteddoesn’t fit the mainstream media narrative
i cant believe no one has been fired over the obamacare website fiasco!
how does employ with a pathetic show that he does what kind of a special is that? complete garbage!
did my weekly phoner on fox friends this morningsounding off on issues of the day
clinton’s close ties to putin deserve scrutiny vpdebate
if u run for president u have my vote remember that!
great job on tonight begged us for a job we said no and she went hostile a real dummy!
rt making america great again after irma is focused on saving lives not swamp shenanigans dobbs ma…
we will!
celebapprentice we always make sure to have great nyc locations for the task delivery
bernie sanders on hrc bad judgement john podesta on hrc bad instincts bigleaguetruth debate
they now say using the word thug is like so many other words not politically correct even though obama uses it it is racist bull!
when it comes to china practices pretty please diplomacy he begs and pleads and bowsand it… cont
rt 10 scandals on directors watch
all signs are that business is looking really good for next year only to be helped further by our tax cut bill will be a great year for companies and jobs! stock market is poised for another year of success!
mr khan who does not know me viciously attacked me from the stage of the dnc and is now all over tv doing the same nice!
not only giving out money but obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real president dont fall for it
i am giving away money check the crowdfunding site raise money for anything!
happy 241st birthday to the thank you!
just got back from iowa had a great time with amazing people will be back soon!
it should be locker 1 in my opinion! trump2016
i am totally voting for if he runs for president!! thanks
thanks drew good luck
needs to run for president election2016 donaldtrump
the ryder cup will be amazing this week
new york fashion week is really bad and used to be so glamorous and exciting! no stars no funjust boring they need serious help nyfw
this show rocks!!!!
the jury in the jodi arias trial is believe it or not still out you never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense
trade talks going on with numerous countries that for many years have not treated the united states fairly in the end all will be happy!
no matter how far down a path you go if its the wrong path turn around and go back home before it is too late
after friday’s twilight release i hope robert pattinson will not be seen in public with kristenshe will cheat on him again!
my interview with discussing mistreatment of israel and gop 2012
another radical islamic attack this time in pakistan targeting christian women and children at least 67 dead400 injured i alone can solve
truth be told i never heard of the national review until they tried to declare war on you no worries you got my vote!
all the guys that said would lose are rapidly coming on board mitt will remember the early helpers
numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished voter fraud panel what are they trying to hide?
you need to show them how its done run for office
opening in 2016 original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft and 63 stories
and you looked great last night lara
americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of obamacare via
the usc made a terrible decision today how can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a government tax?!
end the democrats obstruction!
join me tuesday nov 3rd at 12 pm in trumptower in nyc ill be signing copies of my book crippled america dont miss it!
oh wow lightweight governor who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls just mocked my hair so original!
isnt it ridiculous starting today new ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from west africa just stop the flights dummies!
america should not be pressuring to show restraint against iran we should be working to stop irans nuclear drive
hollywood doesnt get to pick our presidents we the people do!! go trump!👍👍
change has to come from outside our very broken system maga
via “trump endorses wintour for ambassadorship”
i use both iphone and samsung if apple doesnt give info to authorities on the terrorists ill only be using samsung until they give info
demdebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers
doesnt get much better than that! trump and tiger on golf! dubai
think big is the most amazing book i have ever read
flashback via from 2004 “donald trump would fire bush over iraq invasion” its called great vision
via “ think pink in the boardroom”
“the greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude”
article from the streetthe donalds trump card himself
late night host are dealing with the democrats for their very unfunny and repetitive material always antitrump! should we get equal time?
china and the united states are working well together on trade but past negotiations have been so one sided in favor of china for so many years that it is hard for them to make a deal that benefits both countries but be cool it will all work out!
please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators their families and our incredible
is too smart hes the real deal rolemodel love ya man! you sound great!
big news to share in new hampshire tonight! polls looking great! see you soon
why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in ferguson at 9 00 in the evening a prime time for riots! not smart
lets not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over
ring in 2015 in downtown new york’s most elite 5 star hotel offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence
thats because you are the don nothing less than perfect thanksand your baby is beautiful!
thank you macomb county michigan! makeamericagreatagain trump2016
im leading big in every poll and we are going to win! remember trump never gives up!
americas hope
interview re north korea firing job report debut and
being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art making money is art and working is art and good business is the best artandy warhol
you will love it!
you for coming to dc for such a vital vote congrats to all rep we can now deliver grt healthcare to all americans!
trump2016 and thats all im going to say! thanks!
is a very good man help him win his congressional seat in california
“one man with courage is a majority” thomas jefferson
mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the us mexico is killing us on jobs and trade wake up!
thanks brandon
thank you reno nevada nothing will stop us in our quest to make america safe and great again! americafirst…
what do you think so far? celebapprentice
for those of you defending bret and saying omarosa should go remember bret chose o which could also be considered a big mistake!
im training my employees today wearing a trumpcollection tie shirt feeling good and powerful! great!
lance armstrong was given veryvery bad advice!
every time i speak of the haters and losers i do so with great love and affection they cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
things happen that make you question whether you should keep going as long as you are enjoying what you are doing keep going
wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife they are environmental disasters
no american should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country our cities should be sanctuaries for americans – not for criminal aliens!
the boston killer applying today for obamacare he demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately does this include dental?
brings great debate and ideas to the gop campaign run donald run!!!
rt florida governor rick hurricaineirma
new and great selection of ties shirts and cufflinks check them out!
the stage is set for the real debateit will be very interesting!
yes !! the government is bringing them back here so the outbreak can start here too !!
be focused be disciplined be patientthere are very few cases of instant gratification
russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the us tears itself apart over a democrat excuse for losing the election
youre seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much we shoot in 3 weeks great cast!
laborday americafirstvideo
wow sounds like something huge is about to hit us next episode i cant wait!
you too gerald! thanks for watching! great job heather!
why the fuss? trump has the most beautiful building in chicago! that sign will be iconic trump elegance trumpchicago
big response to my tea party statementremember they were never fully energized by romney campaign and will have far more power with time
hillary clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
donald i watched you on fallon i love you and always have how bout a tweet back thanks
letter to re
great news in georgia! the just out landmark poll shows me in first with 43! wow
my first job was working for and with my father fred c trump
general kelly is doing a great job at the border numbers are way down many are not even trying to come in anymore
lol i remember those episodespriceless
yes go ahead and run for president we need you so badly! yes we do!
2016 gop nomination polls have me as 1 as seen on with
just leaving after 4 days and i must say it was amazing thank u for your attention to details great thank you
3rd rate reporter and @ cbs lied finished in normal mannerampsigned autos for 20min dishonest!
did china ask us if it was ok to devalue their currency making it hard for our companies to compete heavily tax our products going into
he is the reagan of this generationif he ran wow thank you!
tonight at 9 pm on enjoy!
give me an update on anthony weiner ?? hes finished!
new poll by abc news /washington post trump 32 carson 22 rubio 10 bush 7 wow how will the media put a negative spin on this one?
to all my california trump supporters! lets join up and work together on twitter! lets do this!!! trump2016 !
funny that jeb! didnt want help from his family in his failed campaign and didnt even want to use his last namethen mommy now brother!
great articlea must read by peter ferrara at about the biggest government spender in world history
alabama will shine tomorrow it will be a big and glorious day!
edward snowden is absolutely killing the the us with other countries!
rt trump intl golf club west palm beach is spectacular almost makes me wish i had time to play/learn/like golf
real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now try to take advantage if you can and buy cont
does anybody really think that president obama didnt know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world not possible!
strong clear decisive leader neededvote trump thank you!
keep an open mindbusiness is a creative endeavor strive for innovative ideas
what are your thoughts on weiners press conference? wiener is seriously sick and will never change!
rt geraldo blasts fake news reports about trumps visit to puerto rico
when the released prisoners kill americans what does obama say to their parents?
imagine how much wasteful spending we’d save if we didn’t have chuck and nancy standing in our way! for years democrats in congress have depleted our military and busted our budgets on needless spending and to what end? no more
very interesting election currently taking place in france
the new york times and a third rate reporter named maggie habberman known as a crooked h flunkie who i don’t speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy michael cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “flip” they use
dont let the fake news tell you that there is big infighting in the trump admin we are getting along great and getting major things done!
employees of should have their resumes updated it is very boring and will die in the near future how much are they losing now?
texas and florida are doing great but puerto rico which was already suffering from broken infrastructure and massive debt is in deep trouble
if i would have done the last debate a record would have been set instead of the poor ratings recieved also vets got $6000000
10 of the people pay 90 of this countries tax what wealthy tax breaks
dont let obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states
could happen
apparently said something about me on his show yesterday i was surprised to find out he is on tv who knew?!
donald trump for president
an aerial shot of jacksonville crowd yesterday! i may as well show you because the media wont trump2016
incredible interview i hope was watching cc torturereport truth
a total lightweight continues to give the worst responses on china in the debates i can see why cont
youve won me over great job tonight im not trying to win anyone over it really sucks! oscars
president obama is under pressure from democrats to undo his lie on obamacare his problem is that such a move would end obamacare
thank you for having trump on!! want to see him educate reps on economy !!
well the donald already knows who is going kevin i feel for you !
sounds like the best place!
now a small country like sudan tells obama he cant send any more marines we are a laughing stock
veterans love trump but i love the vets even more!
the fake news refuses to report the success of the first 6 months sc surging economy and jobsborder and military securityisis and ms13 etc
the american people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them we will work every day to ensure all americans have access to the quality affordable medication they need and deserve we will not rest until the job is done!
he was greatloved kew forest
negotiation is an art treat it like one
new national poll released join the movement and together we will makeamericagreatagain!
you do more good just commenting on twitter than most haters do their whole lives
idc what anyone says is the man very nice!
lying ted cruz and lightweight choker marco rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement they failed!
my interview discussing the close election the enthusiasm gap between mitt and obama and the fiscal cliff
did awesome on letterman! i just love him! thanks sarah!
donald trump full interview fox and friends 110315 makeamericagreatagain trump2016
wow is so negative their panel is a joke biased and very dumb im turning to where we get a fair shake! mike will do great
if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband with his terrible record of women abuse while playing the womens card on me shes wrong!
celebrity apprentice starts in 15 minutes on nbc enjoy!
on the whole the teams seem to be working well together no warsyet
im one of your biggest fans mr trump and i cant wait for you to make america great ifagain! never forget you have support!
“partnerships also require negotiation it should be a winwin setup otherwise it’s not a partnership” – ‘midas touch
in high tax high crime california be sure to get out and vote for republican john cox for governor he will make a big difference!
watch late night with jimmy fallon on nbc at 12 35 est tonightill be bringing a couple of surprises with me
look forward to hearing you every monday on you are exactly what this country needs!!!
rt we can do better we must do better we will do better by ltg r keith kellogg and ltg r michael flynn http…
thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to liberty university yesterday
has been doing this for thirty yearswhere has she been? bigleaguetruth
rt thank you for all the help you are providing for puerto rico we’re are grateful and happy to welcome y…
happy birthday! cant wait for the announcement on tuesday ill be there!
erictrue!
thank you columbus ohio! i will be back soon imwithyou maga
150 clinton emails still contain classified information more sensitive when she was secof state this is a very big deal
had a great stay at trumplasvegas thank you people love it!
whatever the united states can do to help out in london and the u k we will be there we are with you god bless!
going to new hampshire in a little while big crowds! makeamericagreatagain!
who would have guessed that would be the smartest person on my news feed right now i was always the smartest!
“talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships” michael jordan
please please please run for president im begging!!!!
rumor has it apple is going to release iphones with bigger screens thats good news
thanksyou sound great!
is my model i have been looking up to him for the longest time thanks!
that is indeed true!
trump2016 only one i can think of to fix this spending problem
alison grimes will protect the sanctity of her obama ballot yet admits she voted for hillary in primary hypocrite vote
hotel looks great cant wait to build something just as epic good luck!
this years trump miss universe pageant is comprised of truly beautiful womenwill be simulcast live december 19th on and
wisconsins economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in us jobs are leaving i will make our economy strong again bring in jobs
putin and i discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking and many other negative things will be guarded
the failing national review magazine has just been informed by the republican national committee that they cannot participate in debate
do you believe that obama is giving weapons to moderate rebels in syriaisnt sure who they are what the hell is he doingwill turn on us
the miss universe pageant will be on august 23 911 pm on nbc et with bret michaels and natalie morales to cohost live from las vegas
it all comes down to one simple question how much money can you stand to lose? that’s how much risk you should assume
will be interviewed on tonight at 8 00 pm
thank you sanford florida get out and vote trumppence16! icymi watch this afternoons rally here …
poll numbers are looking really good one more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout
why did and his family travel separately to marthas vineyard? they love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers dime
makeamericagreatagain trumppence16
oh wow celebrity apprentise starts next sunday at 8 excited i watch every year!!
rt had her chance and she blew it bigleaguetruth debates
what do you think of donald trump head? the hair’s not quite right for one thing celebapprentice
shock! obamacares high risk pool spending doubled government estimates is bankrupting this country!
thank you new hampshire! fitn trump2016 nhpolitics
thanks angie for your comments
yeshe is a great guy!
twitlonger betabeyond simple justice and beyond reducing our national debt another advanage of taking the oil is that it cont
excited to announce that and will be hosting the 2012 miss universe pageant great ratings for miss universe
the debate mic and my endorsement in todays trumpvlog
i dont hate him but he made some really bad decisions
after my meeting with the pastors its off to georgia for a big rally many thousands of great people will be there a beautiful movement!
she has come back looking like nancy grace
thank you america great commanderinchiefforum polls!
thanks kevintrump doral will soon be the best in the us
wow did you see how badly clinton news network is doing in the ratings with people like who could expect any more?
had a great time in myrtle beach and charleston this past saturday and monday looking forward to going back soon
trump hero energeticsavvy american!! need america strong savior! makeamericagreatagain tump2016
mitts proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth
jeb bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses he wants to look cool but its far too late 1 in nevada!
the eric trump foundation golf invitational benefiting st jude childrens research hospital is todayand i… cont
presidential memorandum for the re aluminum imports and threats to national security …
word is that the dinner tonight at maralago hosted by the incomparable lois pope was fabulous big money raised for charity
looking forward to speaking at tonights gala for supporters at the intrepid mitts doing well
arizona cardinal darnell dockett mogul donald trump tweet same message i will not sue darnell
i am in first place by a lot in all polls tied for first place with ben carson in one iowa poll i thought you knew thisthanks
record setting gas prices in the us were really looking dumb lots of $s being made on us
when foreigners attend our great colleges and want to stay in the us they should not be thrown out of our country
ill be the vp for when he is president you would be better than what we have now!
and i are working out a great dinner for someone i hope its you!
congratulations for taking some time to answer tweets awesome example of planning and scheduling! thanks
see u sat in ga !! great!
the nick saban of business!!
honestly been one of my role models ever since i was 9 years old i still look up to him and want to meet him
that is true!
hillary clinton will use american tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals i will put…
celebrity apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning
a great honor to host and welcome leaders from around america to the infrastructure summit…
why do so many people say i hate president obama—i don’t hate the president at all i just disagree with his policies!
was susan rice told to lie about bergdahl? obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything from obamacare to a deserter
president trump sounds good to me ill tell you one thing the country would be back on top again! thanks
“house votes on controversial fisa act today” this is the act that may have been used with the help of the discredited and phony dossier to so badly surveil and abuse the trump campaign by the previous administration and others?
rt thank you to the amazing men and women working tirelessly to bring relief to those in need puertorico hurricanemaria ht…
love this picture and she was a great beauty! thanks for the private family picture thanks
charles mccullough the respected fmr intel comm inspector general said public was misled on crooked hillary emails “emails endangered national security” why aren’t our deep state authorities looking at this? rigged and corrupt?
same cdc which is bringing ebola to us misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year be careful
golf odyssey just named trump scotland “golf course of the year”
wonderful meeting with canadian pm and a group of leading ceos and business women from canada🇨🇦and th…
the scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up pan am flight 103 over lockerbie…
seriously!
he will help he is a great man!
rt dead heat clinton vs trump
just got a phone survey about your sign in chicago love it and the beautiful building its on well done
icymi on saturday i signed two eos to help keep jobs and wealth in our countryeo1 eo2 …
2004 video pocahontas describing crooked hillary clinton as a corporate donor puppet time for change! trump2016
the art of the deal one of the best books of real estate written by one of the best entrepreneurs
stop talking and run in 2016! if your name is on that ballot youve go my vote! makeithappen fixamerica
do you believe that the fake news media is pushing hard on a story that i am going to replace ag jeff sessions with epa chief scott pruitt who is doing a great job but is totally under siege? do people really believe this stuff? so much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
“courageous people do not fear forgiving for the sake of peace” – nelson mandela
just arrived at camp david where i am monitoring the path and doings of hurricane harvey as it strengthens to a class 3 125 mph winds!
praying for the families of the two iowa police who were ambushed this morning an attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all
out of hundreds of deals and transactions i have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better nothing personal just business
then please fire the hell out of some of these pathetic leaches up there in dc! you do it better than anyone else!
dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this november
for potus 2016/ for flotus!! 🇺🇸 i can tell you with certainty she would be great!
putin is much smarter than obama no surprise his tactics
rt wall street hits record highs after trump pulls out of climate pact
not under my watch
drew brees is having a great game a fantastic quarterback and really good guy!
mr trump for president thank you!
“inside donald trumps scottish golf course” via
loved doing the debatewon drudge and all online polls! amazing evening moderators did an outstanding job
alabama was great last night amazing people 30000 folks was largest crowd of political season nice!
host of the and is home to 4 unique courses including the famous blue monster
i was disappointed that ted cruz would speak behind my back get caught and then deny it well welcome to the wonderful world of politics!
the republican party needs strong and committed leaders not weak people such as if it is going to stop illegal immigration
via by “obama’s amnesty will give illegal aliens public benefits”
throwbackthursday trump2016
one word to describe donald? quality!
only 1 man has the street and business smarts that can make this country 1 again trump 2016 i agree!
boardroom time which team do you think had the best presentation? celebapprentice
can get people back to work
when we have people eating out of trash cans in this country we have no business helping any other country
fewer americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums obamacare must be fully repealed
don the country needs you i served 4 years in our armed forces and i am asking you to lead our nation
get respect and do not give a damn if people like you think big
the people of nh know what the american people know trump is the only one with any clue about how to fix things
if you werent such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know i never filed for bankruptcynow worth over $10 billion dummy
fl ks me md mn nj or and wv! its the last day to mail in voter reg forms get the forms at…
the movement in portsmouth new hampshire w/ 7k supporters thank you! this is the biggest election of our lifetime…
remember to watch the series finale of the men who built america this sunday at 8/7c on
save america! vote for 2016 !
the onus of the chicago teachers strike falls squarely on the teachers and their union inexcusable to leave children without school
the republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling they can get everything they want focus!
sarasota was an unbelievable success we expected 5000 a record but 12000 showed up! great love in the air!
featuring five championship golf courses including the blue monster is south miami’s top destination
loves to lie america has had enough of the clintons! it is time to draintheswamp! debates
i never said that china was in the bad tpp trade deal but that china would come in the back door at a later date
disclosing his finances would make donald trump the most wealthy president ever! so true!
obama must now focus get his mind off marchmadness and lead! watch russia closely work hard on the economy and get rid of obamacare!
coolest building in chicago didnt think that was possible trump run for prez plz
i will be on tonight be sure to watch! always a great time
the single greatest witch hunt in american history continues there was no collusion everybody including the dems knows there was no collusion and yet on and on it goes russia and the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing republicans should finally take control!
i am in scotland checking on my develo pm ents in aberdeen and turnberry just left ireland property will be great always checking!
the polls are for the news cycle trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust dont doubt me
the original apprentice is coming backdo you have what it takes to be the next apprentice? for casting details
thanks larry
at some point the fake news will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with isis the border and so much else!
hillaryforprison2016
please read and watch a recent trip made to trump vineyard estates by
thank you jacksonville florida! makeamericagreatagain
cnn and lawyer elizabeth beck did a terrible job against me she lost i even got legal fees i loved beating hershe was easy
class act!!!!
saudi arabia should be paying the united states many billions of dollars for our defense of them without us gone!
dont choke again! choose americas boldest leader to date gobigusa
today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in john glenn he was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers he will be missed
remarks by president trump at signing of hj resolution 41
never been so excited about voting for a candidate since i voted for reagan
work really hard and think smart!
please run for president! trumpsupporter
graydon carter is laughing at the stupidity of chuck townsend on his contract renewal even he doesnt believe it!
message for house gop the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it the art of the deal
“success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money” johnny cash
the fact that we are taking the ebola patients while others from the area are fleeing to the united states is absolutely crazystupid pols
i thought the trump signage was very well done looks great!
thanks ian
wow the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at trump park avenue—each one $100000 per month
many people walked out on madonnas concert when she told them to vote for obama years ago i walked out because the concert was terrible!
crookedhillary “was at center of negotiating $12m commitment from king mohammed vi of morocco” to clinton fdn
trump2016 jobsmatter
does anyone agree with marilu that gary while adorable is a distraction?
if the ban were announced with a one week notice the bad would rush into our country during that week a lot of bad dudes out there!
debate showed these guys really hate each other at one point it looked like they would come to blows
look forward to seeing final results of votestand gregg phillips and crew say at least 3000000 votes were illegal we must do better!
to all journalists look into the financial dealings of scottish parliament members with vattenfall…follow the money
rt happy 241st birthday to the thank you!
final 3 on now great people great new owner watch
our leaders are dummies they dont know whats going on its true theyre incompetent trump makeamericagreatagain
thankyoutour2016 12/6 north carolina iowa michiga…
my interview on the john gambling show discussing the 2012 election trump real estate projects and our airports
as long as you’re going to be thinking anyway think big – donald trump
obama planted that story on iran so it will be discussed in tonights debate he wants libya and china off the table
according to has a 12 point advantage over on the economy look for it to grow
my heart and prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible brussels tragedy this madness must be stopped and i will stop it
was calling out paul ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011 so true!
donaldtrump you built a beautiful highrise you pay your taxes you should be able to put up whatever signage you want
“strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact and you will find yourself ready for a grand slam” think like a champion
are you expanding your business? interview returning soldiers give them strong consideration their sacrifices deserve it
trump for president! ! please!!!
why does barack obamas ring have an arabic inscription? who is this guy?
everyone should cancel hbo until they fire low life dummy bill maher! get going now and feel good about yourself!
4 president has my vote! we need financial education in the usa go get em d! thanks jaime!
i cant wait to see you destroy hillary in a debate! we must win and make america great again!
where did you get your boardroom table? need to purchase one that size cute!
twitlonger betaright now we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with china that means every year china is cont
at least were talking about the va! we werent a month ago!
is the only candidate that isnt politically correct and that speaks the truth on whats on his mind!
lucky for me i dont live in america i live in south africa bad news we need you here!
rt states and cities throughout our country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers very unfair to tr…
thank you south carolina! everyone get out and vote tomorrow! we will makeamericagreatagain!
we are all hungry for a trump candidacy hillary announcement was expected lets show her the competition! trump2016
